The ex-Reading defender denied fraudulent trading charges relating to the Sodje Sports Foundation - a charity to raise money for Nigerian sport. Mr Sodje, 37, is jointly charged with elder brothers Efe, 44, Bright, 50 and Stephen, 42. Appearing at the Old Bailey earlier, all four denied the offence. The charge relates to offences which allegedly took place between 2008 and 2014. Sam, from Kent, Efe and Bright, of Greater Manchester, and Stephen, from Bexley, are due to stand trial in July. They were all released on bail.
Voges was forced to retire hurt on 86 after suffering the injury while batting during the County Championship draw with Somerset on 4 June. Middlesex hope to have the Australian back for their T20 Blast game against Hampshire at Lord's on 3 August. The 37-year-old has scored 230 runs in four first-class games this season at an average of 57.50. "Losing Adam is naturally a blow as he contributes significantly to everything we do," director of cricket Angus Fraser said. "His absence, however, does give opportunities to other players who are desperate to play in the first XI. "In the past we have coped well without an overseas player and I expect us to do so now." Defending county champions Middlesex are sixth in the Division One table, having drawn all four of their matches this season. Voges retired from international cricket in February with a Test batting average of 61.87 from 31 innings, second only to Australian great Sir Donald Bradman's career average of 99.94 from 52 Tests.
Seven photographs taken in the Norfolk countryside by photographer Josh Olins will appear in the June edition. In her first sitting for a magazine, the duchess is seen looking relaxed and wearing casual clothes. The shoot was in collaboration with the National Portrait Gallery, where two images are being displayed in the Vogue 100: A Century of Style exhibition. The duchess, who has a keen interest in photography, has been patron of the National Portrait Gallery since 2012. Nicholas Cullinan, director of the National Portrait Gallery, said: "Josh has captured the duchess exactly as she is - full of life, with a great sense of humour, thoughtful and intelligent, and in fact, very beautiful." He said the images also encapsulated what Vogue had done over the past 100 years - "to pair the best photographers with the great personalities of the day, in order to reflect broader shifts in culture and society". Alexandra Shulman, editor-in-chief of British Vogue, said: "To be able to publish a photographic shoot with the Duchess of Cambridge has been one of my greatest ambitions for the magazine." The collaboration for the June edition had resulted in "a true celebration of our centenary as well as a fitting tribute to a young woman whose interest in both photography and the countryside is well known", she said. Other royal portraits to have featured in the fashion magazine include Diana, Princess of Wales - who graced the cover four times - and Princess Anne. The duchess is to visit the exhibition at the National Portrait Gallery on Wednesday, Kensington Palace said.
Chris Poole - known as "moot" online - created the site in 2003. It has gone on to be closely associated with offensive and often illegal activity, including instances where the images of child abuse were shared. It was widely credited as being the first place where leaked images of nude celebrities were posted following 2014's well-publicised security breach affecting Apple's iCloud service. That incident prompted a policy change on the site. However, 4chan has also been the rallying point for many instances of online activism from the likes of Anonymous, the loosely organized hacktivism group. Mr Poole shared news of his new position on blogging site Tumblr. "When meeting with current and former Googlers, I continually find myself drawn to their intelligence, passion, and enthusiasm - as well as a universal desire to share it with others." "I'm also impressed by Google's commitment to enabling these same talented people to tackle some of the world's most interesting and important problems. He added: "I can't wait to contribute my own experience from a dozen years of building online communities, and to begin the next chapter of my career at such an incredible company." Mr Poole stepped down as the administrator of 4chan in January 2015. Now he is expected to turn his attentions to Google's social networking efforts. His arrival was welcomed by Bradley Horowitz, the head of "streams, photos and sharing" at the search giant's floundering social network, Google+. "I'm thrilled he's joining our team here at Google," Mr Horowitz said. "Welcome Chris!ï»¿" Several commentators described the appointment as "unexpected" but noted that Mr Poole's expertise with social media could prove useful to the search firm. Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC and on Facebook
Barca will be investigated for alleged misappropriation of funds in the £48.6m (57m euros) deal with Santos. The signing of Neymar has been correct and his signing has caused despair and envy in some of our adversaries Rosell, speaking at a news conference after a Barca board meeting, insisted he had "acted correctly". Vice-president Josep Maria Bartomeu now takes over from the 49-year-old Rosell, who came to power in 2010. Rosell's future has been a real source of concern ever since a Spanish national court judge accepted a lawsuit this week from Barcelona club member Jordi Cases, who alleged that the amount paid for Neymar was more than the reported fee. Rosell maintains the accusation is "unfair and reckless". He added: "For some time, my family and myself have suffered threats and attacks in silence. These threats and attacks have made me wonder if being president means having to jeopardise my family. "From the beginning, I have said the signing of Neymar has been correct and his signing has caused despair and envy in some of our adversaries." Rosell said he was resigning to spare the club's board of directors from "unfair attacks" that could "negatively affect their management or the image of the club". He added: "It has been an honour to serve the Barcelonistas. It's been a privilege to be the president of FC Barcelona." Rosell was named Barca president in the summer of 2010 after winning a landslide vote to succeed Joan Laporta, earning 61.34% of a record turn-out of 57,088 voters. He had also been vice-president under Laporta before resigning in 2005.
The think tank said the city's 1,536 schools needed to save £360m in the first year if the government's National Funding Formula (NFF) plan goes ahead. The amount is the equivalent of 12,857 qualified teachers, on an average salary of £28,000. The government said London was the highest funded part of the country. It added that under the plans, which are under consultation, inner-city schools would be allocated 30% more money per pupil than the national average. But London Councils, which represents the city's 32 boroughs and the City, said no school would gain enough funding from the NFF to compensate for increased cost pressures from inflation, higher pension contributions and national insurance. Ministers said the new formula was needed to tackle uneven levels of funding across England, with the best funded areas getting more than £6,300 per pupil per year, while the worst-funded averaging £4,200. It said the funding cut was on top of National Audit Office figures which showed England schools faced an eight per cent real-terms cut per pupil by 2019-20 because it  wider cost pressures. In a statement, London Councils said: "At a time when UK schools are seen as underperforming by international standards, and when businesses based in London are facing massive uncertainty about recruiting skilled staff, there is an urgent need to invest in schools in London and across the rest of the country." It added: "Without the right qualifications and skills, London's children will be unable to access jobs and contribute to the national economy. Over 60% of jobs in inner London require a degree and around 45% of jobs in the rest of the capital require a degree."
His 110 means he has scored 323 runs in a week after an unbeaten 93 against Glamorgan in the One-Day Cup and 120 not out against Kent in the T20 Blast. Tim Murtagh (2-85) reduced Surrey to 23-2 inside the first six overs, before Rory Burns (88) aided the recovery. Burns and Roy put on a 118-run fourth wicket stand as Surrey closed on 384-8. Roy's century was a fine retort against Division One leaders Middlesex, who dismissed the England limited-overs opener for a first-ball duck in the One-Day Cup on Tuesday. After paceman Murtagh removed both Zafar Ansari and Dominic Sibley early on, Surrey's slump continued as James Franklin trapped Aaron Finch (37) to leave them 70-3. Burns helped turn their fortunes around as he hit 15 fours in his 127-ball knock as the visitors seized the initiative. Roy hit 16 fours himself as Surrey edged close to the 400 mark by the end of the first day's play, with Ben Foakes unbeaten on 53.
Ms Kendall told the BBC Labour risked sending a "resignation letter to the British people as a serious party of government" by electing Mr Corbyn. Separately, Ms Cooper warned there was a "serious risk the party will split" if the left-winger becomes its leader. It comes as Labour begins sending out the first ballot papers to voters. The result of the contest will be announced at a special conference on 12 September. More than 600,000 people have signed up to vote in the four-way contest but Labour has said applications are still being verified. 610,753 total electorate, though this may fall as party removes those not entitled to vote Of which, full party members:  299,755 Affiliated to a trade union:  189,703 Registered to vote by paying Â£3:  121,295 Meanwhile voting in the election for the new Scottish Labour leader ended at midday. Mr Corbyn is due to unveil a 10-point policy plan while in Glasgow later. The popularity of the left-wing Islington North MP, who is promising "a new kind of politics", has sparked a row about the future direction of the Labour party. Another leadership contender, Andy Burnham, told the BBC Mr Corbyn's policies "lack credibility". "It's not possible to promise free university education, re-nationalising the utilities, without that coming at a great cost and if you can't explain how that is going to be paid for then I don't think we'll win back the trust of voters on the economy," he said. BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins said there had been "frustration" in rival camps who accused Mr Burnham of being reluctant to take on Mr Corbyn. This appeared to be his most direct attack yet, he added. But in an interview with Jeremy Vine on BBC Radio 2, Mr Burnham declined to follow Ms Kendall and Ms Cooper and advise his supporters not to back Mr Corbyn with their second and third preferences. He added: "People will say if they hear things like that, 'hang on, what do you believe?'" In an interview with The Independent, Ms Kendall called for voters to mark Ms Cooper or Mr Burnham as second and third preferences, and avoid giving votes to Mr Corbyn. "I have set out very clearly where I differ with all the candidates but our differences with Jeremy's kind of politics are far greater," said Ms Kendall. Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme she said she "can't pretend to be agnostic" about a victory for Mr Corbyn, saying of the voting process: "It is an alternative vote system and I want to urge party members to use all of their different preferences. "I will be using my second and third preferences and I would urge others to do the same because I don't want to see our party go back to the politics of the '80s, just being a party of protest." The Leicester West MP also said she did not see the party splitting, as it did in the 1980s when Labour members formed the Social Democratic Party. However, Ms Cooper told BBC 2's Newsnight: "I think there is a serious risk that the party will split, will polarise and I cannot bear to see that happen because there is too much at stake." Asked in an interview with grassroots Labour website Labourlist whether voters should use their votes to try to prevent Mr Corbyn winning, she said: "I think people should use all of their preferences. "And I think the focus has to be how do we make sure we can win that election, and that's the most important thing - and I don't think Jeremy can do that." Mr Corbyn has warned against "personal abuse" in the campaign, saying he wants to focus on policy. His policy programme includes a commitment to "growth not austerity", nationalising the railways and energy sector, and a plan for nuclear disarmament. In an essay for the Fabian Society he also suggested Labour's new increased following should be more involved in the party and proposed a review of membership fees to make the party more "inclusive". Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown is expected to join the debate over the leadership contest with a speech on Sunday, called "power for a purpose - the future of the Labour Party". Lance Price, former director of communications for Labour, told the BBC the contest had been an "unedifying mess" and had "done nothing to reengage the labour party with those millions of people who deserted it". The Guardian newspaper has endorsed Ms Cooper for the leadership while the Daily Mirror has given its backing to Mr Burnham, although the paper urged him to "find a role" in his team for Mr Corbyn, who it says has "lit up the election campaign".
The Association of School and College Leaders says England's schools have had to make more than £1bn savings this year, rising to £3bn by 2020. The government says school funding is at a record £40bn, with rises ahead. Education Secretary Justine Greening will hear heads' cash grievances at Friday's ASCL conference in Birmingham. She is due to address the union, which has published a survey of its members on the issue. It suggests schools are finding it difficult to make savings without cutting provision and that things are predicted to get worse over the next two years. Cost pressures are rising as greater pay, pension and national insurance costs are having to be covered from school budgets. ASCL complains a new funding formula for schools has reduced the basic level of school funding going forwards by too much. The meeting comes two days after requests for more money to spend on daily school costs were ignored by the chancellor in the Budget. Philip Hammond however did pledge £500m for school buildings, mainly new free schools - some of which could be grammar schools. One respondent said his school was moving to a "bare bones education", in which "the components that make education special and enjoyable are being eroded away". Some 95% of the 1,054 heads, deputies and senior teachers responding to the survey said they had cut back on support services - including equipment and materials, as well as mental health and special needs support. More than eight out of 10 said class sizes had increased - a claim strongly refuted by the Department for Education. And more than two-thirds said they had cut back on activities like clubs and trips. Just under three-quarters of respondents with GCSE-level classes said they had cut courses and just over three-quarters of heads with A-level students said they had also reduced subjects. Foreign modern languages, music, arts and drama were among subjects removed at A-level. Another said: "Through no fault of their own, students will have restricted subject choices, in larger class sizes with less pastoral support, whilst still being expected to perform at the highest of standards - nonsense!" One head said his school may have to axe its sixth form provision for next year and another said his school was starting to "creak" with all staff working to full capacity. Interim general secretary, Malcolm Trobe, said: "School leaders will do their utmost to protect provision, as they always do, but they cannot provide everything that is asked of them without the resources they need. "Unless the government invests more in the education system, there will be a significant impact on the lives and life chances of young people." A spokesman for the DfE said: "As this week's Budget demonstrates, the government is determined to ensure every child has access to a good school place and is given the opportunity to fulfil their potential. "The government has protected the core schools budget in real terms since 2010, with school funding at its highest level on record at more than £40bn in 2016-17 - and that is set to rise, as pupil numbers rise over the next two years, to £42bn by 2019-20."
Ann Barnes dealt with an "ill-advised" TV documentary, a probe into her car insurance, and youth commissioners who both had to step away from their role. But she said she judged her time as PCC as a success. She said Kent Police was now target-free, provided quality service and put victims at the heart of its work. "Apart from one or two things I'd rather not have happened, I've really, really had a good time," she said. Referring to incidents that led to adverse headlines, she said: "You have to accept what life throws at you and deal with it." Mrs Barnes, who is not standing for re-election, said the Kent force was recognised nationally after latest HMIC reports. "[Kent Police] genuinely puts victims at the heart of what it does. There are no targets, people don't chase targets. They just look to do a quality service," she said. On her youth commissioner appointments, Mrs Barnes said: "You can't interview for the unexpected." Kent's first youth commissioner Paris Brown resigned over comments she had posted on Twitter, and Kerry Boyd had to stop public engagements while reports of a relationship were investigated. Mrs Barnes said Ms Brown handled things well after making mistakes when younger, and Ms Boyd did a good job and could have continued but turned down an extended contract. After Ms Boyd left, the youth commissioner was not replaced. Mrs Barnes said she was most proud of Kent Police's "open and transparent" culture. And she said a new victim centre was providing "a wraparound service" to victims and witnesses, and she believed it would become a blueprint for delivering victims' services. Voting for Kent's next PCC will take place on 5 May, with six candidates standing.
Taylor, 25, joined County in May from Macclesfield, but has yet to start in the league. The move has left Newport with only one goalkeeper in Joe Day, but manager John Sheridan is confident he will quickly fill the vacancy. "Rhys is too good a goalkeeper to be kept on the bench and not playing football," said Sheridan. "Financially it might enable me to bring someone else in, to try and fill in a different area." On Saturday Newport host fourth-placed Northampton Town hoping to win their third game in a row for the first time since last December, 2014. The Exiles are also seeking their first home win since March. Taylor's move means County are currently without a second goalkeeper. Sheridan added: "Rhys' move to Wrexham happened quickly... but we'll definitely have a keeper by the middle of next week. "It's only one game. I'm not really worried." Sheridan also confirmed that defender Janoi Donacien has extended his loan spell from Aston Villa until January. Donacien has featured in all four games since the Irishman replaced Terry Butcher as manager at the beginning of October. Meanwhile Newport have no injury concerns ahead of Saturday's game.
The Derbyshire club, who play in the eighth-tier Northern Premier League Division One North, have lost all 19 league and cup games this season. New Mills have conceded 68 goals while three managers have left since June. "It's tough but we've got a new squad and the players are starting to gel," Millers boss Garry Brown told BBC Radio 5 live's Non League Football Show. Former Norwich City midfielder Keith Briggs took over from Roy Soule, who stepped down in June, but resigned after just 23 days for a job with Sheffield United's academy. Andy Fearn was put in charge in July and appointed former Manchester City striker Shaun Goater as his assistant. But Fearn and Goater lasted just nine league and cup games before resigning after a 7-1 home defeat to Prescot Cables. Brown, who has overseen 10 league and cup defeats, added: "There's been a lot of changes to the squad and there's only three players still here from when we took over in September. "There's no budget, it's petrol money these lads are playing for." All is not lost for the Millers, who are bottom of the table, 10 points behind Harrogate Railway Athletic, the next team above them. Brown, along with Paul Williams (his assistant at New Mills) and Lee Gregory, last season led Manchester team Wythenshawe Town to an astonishing 39 wins from 39 games played. Bashley, who play in the Southern League Division One South & West, are also without a point after losing all 14 league games this season. But they did manage a win in the FA Trophy preliminary round.
The referendum will take place on 10 March, but Bath Conservative MP Ben Howlett said he was concerned about a "lack of awareness" about the issue. Mr Howlett also said he is worried about the public's level of engagement. Bath and North East Somerset Council said the referendum had been publicised in press releases and tweets. It also said it was the subject of a two-page article in the winter edition of the council magazine which was distributed to all households in the region. A further news release and polling cards will also be sent out to all households this week, the authority added. Supporters of the referendum say Bath needs a mayor to give local government more visibility. Directly elected mayors were created by the Local Government Act 2000 as one option for local government, as long as the idea was backed in a referendum. Mr Howlett said he was "personally concerned" that an elected mayor was not appropriate for an area "as diverse" as Bath and North East Somerset, and that it could "lead to an increase in the cost of local politics". "The level of misinformation on this issue is worrying - many people seem to still believe this is about a mayor of Bath and not understanding it would cover all of Bath and North East Somerset. "I hope in the coming weeks more information will be forthcoming to enable residents to make an informed decision," he added.
More than a dozen men stormed into the Kiwi cafe in the Georgian capital on Sunday evening, the cafe said, shouting and throwing meat at patrons. A brawl erupted but the attackers fled before police arrived. Police are now investigating, and say they have questioned the attackers and cafe staff. Nobody has been arrested. The cafe has appealed for public support, saying it was no prank but a case of intimidation by neo-Nazis. The attackers wore strings of sausages round their necks and threw chunks of meat onto customers' plates, the BBC's Rayhan Demytrie reports from Tbilisi. They are known as the Bergmann group, and a social media page shows their attacks on people of Arab or African origin, our correspondent reports. One photograph shows members making the Nazi salute. The Kiwi cafe is in a traditional part of old Tbilisi, and is popular among young people sporting unconventional hairstyles, tattoos and body piercings. Most Georgians are Orthodox Christians and many see unorthodox lifestyles as a corrupting influence from the West. The cafe said it had drawn some local hostility because of "the way we look, music that we listen to, ideas we support, and the fact that we don't eat meat" and backing of causes such as rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people. "During these hard times you can support us just by visiting our cafe, we will be very grateful if you come to show everyone that here are a lot of us who care about the issue!" the Kiwi cafe said in a statement on Facebook. It later told the BBC it had received strong messages of solidarity - from Georgia and abroad - but that people had also left angry comments trying "to defend those fascists". It said it was also appealing for financial contributions to install security cameras in case of repeat incidents. The incident comes amid growing concerns about the rise of far-right nationalism in Georgia. Last week, hundreds of nationalists marched through central Tbilisi - waving Georgian flags and anti-communist banners, reports said - to mark independence from the Soviet Union in 1991. Homophobia is also commonplace in Georgia, correspondents say. The country made world headlines in 2013 when a small group of LGBT activists were attacked by a large mob led by an orthodox priest. The cafe statement blames Sunday's incident on the group of men who came into the premises, talking loudly, throwing meat and smoking, and then "yelling, laughing, and talking to us sarcastically". These people "were neo-Nazis... who support fascist ideas", the cafe said. Some minor injuries were sustained. The police arrived only after the attackers had left, but the cafe said even some of those officers behaved aggressively, "yelled with anger, said that we are guilty of what had happened".
The New Zealander made only one unenforced switch, bringing in Rhys Webb for Gareth Davies at scrum-half. Sam Warburton, Alun Wyn Jones and Alex Cuthbert miss out with injuries. "We wanted to give the players a chance to sort of put behind us a disappointing first half from last week," said Gatland. Flanker Justin Tipuric, second row Luke Charteris and Hallam Amos are drafted in to the team in place of the injured players. Dan Lydiate will captain the side in the absence of Warburton and regular stand-in Jones. Gatland said he had shown faith in players who had performed well in earlier matches, a fact he acknowledged was hard on hooker Ken Owens who makes his fourth appearance on the bench in this Six Nations championship. "He's unlucky, really unlucky," he added. "We felt that [hooker] Scott Baldwin has gone pretty well throughout the campaign. "Ken has been brilliant for us coming off the bench and I know that's a tag he doesn't want to keep, but he is unlucky not to get a start." Scarlets hooker Owens had made 38 appearances for Wales, but started in only eight of those games. Wales go into the match against Italy knowing a win will secure second place in the championship for the first time since it was expended to include six countries. Lydiate will lead Wales for the first time in a Test match, having previously led them in a midweek match against EP Kings on the summer tour of South Africa in 2014. He said it was a "personal honour for me and my family" and added his captaincy style was unsophisticated. "I wouldn't ask someone to do something that I wouldn't do myself, so I'll throw myself in front of a bus so that's what I expect everyone else to do," he said. "There are plenty of leaders and a wealth of experience in the team."
Then playing for Walsall, the 24-year-old won his first senior cap for Wales in their defeat by Ukraine in March, giving him the chance to rub shoulders with the duo. Injury dashed his hopes of joining them at Euro 2016, however. "They constantly want to improve and get better so that's something every footballer should apply to their game," Bradshaw told BBC Radio Wales. Media playback is not supported on this device Wales have been buoyed by the success of Arsenal midfielder Ramsey and Real Madrid forward Bale in 2016 as they reached the semi-finals of the European Championships, their first international tournament for 58 years. Bradshaw, who has scored three goals in 19 appearances for the Tykes this season, puts the success of the pair down to two factors. "You watch them train and you watch them play and you try to pick their brains about how they managed to get to that level," he said. "A lot of it is natural ability and natural talent, but the thing that strikes me is their hunger; their hunger to want to improve even though Gareth's playing for Real Madrid and he's a massive part of his country's team." Bradshaw says he was "gutted" to miss out on Wales' memorable Euro 2016 campaign after a calf injury ruled him out of contention. The former Aberystwyth Town player has since concentrated on boosting his future Wales hopes by performing well for his new club Barnsley. "It was incredibly frustrating, with hindsight as well, at how well the lads did," he said. "I was incredibly proud of the boys and how impressive they were at the Euros. I was gutted, but that's football. Unfortunately that was part and parcel of the game. "But I picked my head up and managed to get a move to the Championship and I'm just trying to improve. It hurt for a while. It took for the majority of that summer for me to get over it. "I was watching all the games and cheering the lads on from afar, but it was invaluable experience for me to go away to Portugal although I didn't manage to train that much because of the injury, it's all experience that I've enjoyed and hopefully I can put it into good use in the future and hopefully one day I'll get an opportunity again."
The trailer concludes with a shot of Vader and the sound of his trademark heavy breathing. Felicity Jones stars in Gareth Edwards' film as the leader of a Rebel mission to steal the plans for the Death Star. The film is set before the time of the first Star Wars film A New Hope, released in 1977, and does not form part of the main series. The two-minute promo, which is different from the one shown at last month's Star Wars Celebration event in London, begins with new character Saw Gerrera (Forest Whitaker) telling Jyn Erso (Jones) that "the world is coming undone". "Imperial flags reign across the galaxy," his voice continues over a shot of an Empire vessel floating above a desert landscape. The trailer goes on to show Jyn and Cassian Andor (Diego Luna) being told about the mission for which they have been selected. Subsequent scenes feature a new robot character voiced by Alan Tudyk, a blind warrior played by Hong Kong action star Donnie Yen, and an Imperial Walker being struck by a missile. Actress Alyssa Milano, screenwriter Max Landis and DJ Edith Bowman are among those to welcome the new promo on Twitter. US publication Entertainment Weekly, meanwhile, has assembled a frame-by-frame analysis. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story will be released in the UK on 16 December. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
John MacIntosh, 46, of Dingwall, must serve at least 10 years in prison after being convicted by a jury of four serious sexual offences. At the High Court in Aberdeen, judge Lord Uist said MacIntosh was a "sexual fiend" who targeted vulnerable females. MacIntosh had previously been jailed for seven years for having sex with 13 and 14-year-old girls. The offences heard at the High Court in Aberdeen happened in the Inverness and Dingwall areas between 1996 and 2004. He sexually assaulted and attempted to rape the young girl and raped three women. In his sentencing statement, Lord Uist said: "You targeted vulnerable females in order to gratify your carnal lust. "You have called all these women liars and shown no remorse for what you did." The judge added: "It is clear to me that you have no respect for women and are a sexual fiend." Lord Uist said MacIntosh should not assume that he would be automatically released after having served 10 years in prison. He said: "You will be released only when the Parole Board for Scotland is satisfied that it is no longer necessary for the protection of the public that you continue to be held in prison." Police Scotland has welcomed the life sentence. Det Insp Eddie Ross said the case was brought to the attention of police by the NHS. He said: "During the investigation there was also significant involvement from the local authority in terms of housing and social work support for not only the victims but also their children. "However, the most important people in all this are the victims and I must pay tribute to them in both coming forward to the police and staying with the prosecution process to conviction. "I hope that this result will bring some comfort to the victims in this case and give confidence to anyone who has suffered similar experiences to come forward in the knowledge that their case will be sensitively and thoroughly investigated."
A spokesman for the governor in Nangahar province said an Afghan commando had opened fire on the US troops during a joint operation in Achin. He was shot dead in return fire. Another US soldier was reportedly wounded in the attack. A spokesman for the Taliban said it had carried out the attack. Islamic State militants also operate in the area. Earlier, at least two Afghan policemen were killed by US forces in a so-called friendly fire incident in southern Afghanistan. The deaths are said to have occurred when a US aircraft returned fire during a joint operation in the restive province of Helmand. It is reported to be the first friendly fire incident in Helmand since US Marines returned there in May. Taliban insurgents have made widespread gains in the province. In a statement, the US military apologised for the incident and said that an investigation had been launched. It happened as police were on patrol in volatile Nad Ali district. The dead were members of the Afghan Border Police. Afghan officials told AFP news agency that the policemen were patrolling too close to a Taliban base prior to the attack. They say a number of militants were also killed in the strike. In recent months, the Taliban have captured several districts in Helmand and put provincial capital Lashkar Gah under pressure. The arrival of hundreds of US Marines - following the withdrawal of US troops three years ago - is part of the Nato-led effort to train and assist Afghan forces. They include special forces who conduct separate counter-terrorism operations. Air strikes by US warplanes have risen significantly over the last few months as President Donald Trump and other foreign leaders come under pressure to commit more troops. Afghanistan has been hit by numerous violent attacks in recent weeks with the launch of the Taliban's spring offensive, including a massive bomb attack in the capital, Kabul, that killed more than 150 people.
The tourists were attacked when they were on their way to a temple in the holy town of Pushkar on Monday evening. The woman said her clothes were torn off and her companion was beaten up when he protested and tried to stop the men from attacking her. Pushkar is a popular destination among foreign tourists. The town hosts an annual camel fair. The men who attacked the couple "were consuming liquor", Indian media reports quoted superintendent of police Nitindeep Balaggan as saying. "The goons attempted to molest a woman tourist and tore her clothes off. They inflicted serious injuries upon her male friend when he tried to intervene," Mr Balaggan told the Hindustan Times. Indian media reports said the woman was Spanish. The nationality of her companion was not yet clear. Increasing numbers of rapes and attacks are being reported and highlighted in India, prompting widespread outrage. Last year, five men were arrested in Kolkata (Calcutta) and charged with kidnapping and repeatedly raping a Japanese student. In June 2013, a 30-year-old American woman was gang-raped in the northern state of Himachal Pradesh.
Cathay is one of the world's biggest cargo airlines, and its decision is expected to have a sizeable impact. Previously, the airline had said it would only transport shark fin that was sustainably sourced. Shark fin is considered a delicacy in Chinese cuisine and is often served as a soup at upmarket banquets. More than 70 million sharks are killed every year, according to WWF figures. Large numbers are exported to Hong Kong, where they are consumed or further exported to mainland China. "On the issue of shark's fin, with immediate effect we are happy to agree to ban the carriage," Cathay Pacific said in a statement on Wednesday. It said it had not approved any shark fin shipments over the last year, pointing out that it had turned down 15 shipment requests for shark-related products. Early reports said the ban extended to all shark products on cargo and passenger flights, but the airline told the BBC it currently applied to shark fin only, Cathay said it would continue to review its policy. Marine conservationists hailed Cathay's decision, with one proclaiming that it would make Hong Kong "proud". "More Hong Kong businesses need to follow the lead," Hong Kong-based conservationist Sharon Kwok told AFP. Government data cited by the South China Morning Post shows that shark fin imports to Hong Kong dropped by 42% between 2010 and 2015 to 5,717 tonnes. During this period there was also a significant decline in imports by air. Cathay now joins airlines including British Airways, American Airlines, Qantas, Singapore Airlines and Emirates in banning shark fin.
Chester have also made their first summer signing, Solihull Moors striker Harry White, 22, who scored 12 goals in 2016-17, scoring in both of the Midlanders' two wins over City. Shaw, 30, will combine his playing duties with helping boss Jon McCarthy. Chester have also made an offer to coach Chris Iwelumo to remain. The club are hopeful that the 38-year-old much-travelled Scot will continue to combine his coaching role with his media work. On Monday, Chester announced six players would leave but offered deals to Sam Hughes and James Alabi. The club lost their last six league games of the season to finish two points outside the relegation zone.
The 5,500-year-old Neolithic axe was found during archaeological surveys ahead of a multi-billion euro tunnel project. The axe seems to have been jammed into what was once the seabed, perhaps as part of a ritual offering. The lack of oxygen in the clay ground helped preserve the wooden handle. The find was made in Rodbyhavn on the Danish island of Lolland, which is to be connected to the German island of Fehmarn via the tunnel link. "Finding a hafted [handle-bearing] axe as well preserved as this one is quite amazing," said Soren Anker Sorensen, an archaeologist at the Museum Lolland-Falster in Denmark. Archaeologists have found other similarly well preserved organic material in the area during their excavations. These include upright wooden stakes, a paddle, bows and other axe shafts. Axes were vital tools for Stone Age people, who used them for working wood. However, they also played an important role during the introduction of farming to Europe, when the majority of the land was covered by dense forests. The archaeologists suggest that the Neolithic communities of south Lolland may have been using the coast as an offering area. Earlier this month, archaeologists working on the Fehmarn Belt Tunnel scheme announced that they had uncovered 5,000-year-old footprints along the edge of an ancient fish trap excavated at Rodbyhavn.
Trouble is, the aspen tree itself doesn't like to produce seeds which makes life very difficult for everyone. But last year I visited Shropshire company Forestart and helped them out with their plans to get their aspens in a seed producing mood. Forestart harvests a billion wild tree seeds every year to grow into new trees for planting. You can read a blogpost about their plans here, but here's the general gist. Aspen trees usually reproduce by sending up suckers, thin plants that are clones of the parent tree. That's no good for Forestart who need seeds to grow new aspens. The last time aspens in Scotland flowered and produced seeds was twenty years ago. So Robert Lee from Forestart had a plan. I helped him remove a ring of bark around each of his aspen trees. Not all the way around as that would kill the tree, but a strip about an inch wide round most of the trunk. The idea was to simulate a beaver attack on the tree, stressing the tree out and forcing it to produce flowers and then seeds. Well this week I returned to see if the experiment had worked and an amazing sight greeted me, eight aspen trees all covered in catkins. It's something that you very rarely see in nature. Robert explained to me I'd missed the very best display and a windy day had rather done for the flowers on the male trees but overall it was a remarkable thing to see. It's also really good news for Robert as if all goes to plan he and his team will be able to gather a huge volume of aspen seeds later in the year. Can we be sure it was our intervention that made the difference? Well yes, as Robert cut the bark so that some trees had branches below the exposed part of the tree. Those branches had no flowers, no catkins, while the rest of the tree was laden. It's not totally clear why this worked, it could be the stress as Robert first though or it might be the ring of removed bark blocks the goodness in the aspen leaves from returning to the roots and instead keeps it all in the tree canopy which in turn leads to an eruption of flowers. The trees themselves are healing nicely and while this won't be an annual event it is something Forestart could repeat in the future. Meaning more chances for people who want to plant this most wonderful of our native trees. The only slight cloud on the horizon is if the whole effort is too successful, we get a lot of seeds and the local bird population treat the aspen seeds as a very expensive lunch. Fingers crossed the siskins find something else to eat instead!
The hyperbaric chamber, which treats divers with "the bends", was operated by St John's Ambulance on a donation basis until it broke in April 2014. The health department replaced it in 2015, but says it needs to "balance the books". Diving instructor Steve Bougourd said he was "gobsmacked". "I'm just worried that this kind of cost will put people off of actually going to the [hospital] and notifying them if they suspect a problem," he said. "We may find it's going to be very expensive to get out divers insured." In the UK hyperbaric oxygen treatment is covered by the NHS, but Guernsey has its own health care system. Source: NHS Assistant director at Guernsey's health and social care department (HSC) Ed Freestone said renting the chamber was costing the government £60,000 a year. He said the department would not make a profit from the new charges, which were based on "the average usage that we could identify over the previous few years". In addition to paying for the training of staff and the maintenance of a 24 hour service, the department had to fund plans to buy its own chamber for about £250,000, Mr Freestone said. Commercial divers already pay a £150 notification fee to dive which raises about £10,000 a year, according to HSC. It is a legal requirement to provide a hyperbaric chamber facility for commercial diving activity to take place within Guernsey's 12-mile limit.
Rajesh Shah, one of the shop's co-owners, told the BBC there would be a new name "tomorrow or the day after". Jews in the city of Ahmedabad, where the shop opened last month, said using the Nazi dictator's name was offensive. Israeli diplomats also raised the issue with the Gujarat state government. The owners said they did not know who Adolf Hitler was when the shop opened. Mr Shah told the BBC: "Yes we are planning to change the name. There has been too much political pressure from the government." He said officials had promised compensation for the rebranding of the store, which sells men's clothing, although he said they had provided nothing in writing. His co-owner, Manish Chandani, told AFP news agency they had never intended to glorify Hitler. "I was not aware of Hitler being responsible for the killings of six million people before the shop's inauguration. This time I will choose a non-controversial name." Mr Chandani says the shop's name was a tribute to his grandfather who was nicknamed Hitler because he was "very strict". Others saw the name as a marketing gimmick in a country where the former German leader attracts unusual interest in some sections of society. "I am happy that the store owner decided to change the name. I guess he realised that it was not the right thing to do," Orna Sagiv, Israeli consul general in Mumbai, told AFP.
IS "fired at everything that moved" after entering on Thursday, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. A separate IS attack on the north-eastern city of Hassakeh has displaced 60,000 people, the UN says. Kobane became a symbol of Kurdish resistance in January after an IS siege lasting several months was repelled. IS launched an apparent two-pronged offensive on Thursday after Kurdish fighters from the Popular Protection Units (YPG) cut off one of the militants' major supply routes near Raqqa. Raqqa is the de facto capital of the IS "caliphate", whose creation IS announced a year ago after it captured large swathes of northern and western Iraq and parts of Syria. "According to medical sources and Kobane residents, 120 civilians were executed by IS in their homes or killed by the group's rockets or snipers," said Rami Abdel Rahman, who heads the UK-based Observatory. He said women and children were among the bodies found inside houses and on the streets of the town, which is close to the border with Turkey. He described it as one of the biggest massacres by the group in the country since its offensive began last summer. The militants took the town by surprise when they launched their attack on Thursday, five months after IS was removed by Kurdish fighters backed by US-led coalition strikes. The attack at dawn on Thursday began when militants detonated a car bomb, followed by two more bombings. Reports said some of the militants may have hidden themselves among returning refugees and disguised themselves by wearing Kurdish militia uniforms. In a nearby village, IS reportedly shot dead at least 20 civilians, including women and children. Activists say clashes between some IS militants and the Kurdish YPG forces are continuing in the town. Separately on Friday, the UN said an estimated 50,000 people had been displaced within the city of Hassakeh after another IS offensive there. Another 10,000 have fled northwards towards a town near the Turkish border, it added. Hassakeh, about 270km (180 miles) east of Kobane, has been under the control of both government forces and Kurdish fighters, and IS militants have been trying to capture it for months. Overall, in four years of armed conflict in Syria, more than 200,000 people have lost their lives and more than 11 million others have been forced from their homes.
Energy Minister Fergus Ewing refused permission for the 21-turbine Rowantree development near Oxton last May. He said the decision was based on "unacceptable environmental impacts". RWE Innogy UK has submitted scoping plans to Scottish Borders Council for a wind farm of up to 11 turbines in the same location. The proposed development on land north-east and east of Burnhouse Mains farmhouse, between Stow and Fountainhall, will be known as Longmuir Rigg wind farm. A letter lodged with the council states that RWE's new plans for the site take into account the Scottish government's concerns about the Rowantree development. In the correspondence, project manager Christopher McPake states: "It has sought to reduce or negate the identified significant environmental effects of cumulative noise as well as effects upon landscape character and visual receptors." It lays out plans to build between nine and 11 turbines, no more than 130m (426ft) high.
Eastmond, capped six times, previously played for St Helens and the England rugby league team before switching codes to join Bath in 2011. The 27-year-old made 72 top-flight appearances for Bath, scoring 16 tries, including two last season. "Kyle has already shown his international class and still has plenty of potential to fulfil," Wasps director of rugby Dai Young said. Wasps have not disclosed the details of Eastmond's contract at the Ricoh Arena. He had agreed a new deal at Bath in January. Eastmond, whose last international appearance for England came against South Africa in November 2014, becomes Wasps' 12th signing ahead of the 2016-17 season. "Kyle is one of the most exciting centres in the Premiership," Young told the club website. "We're really looking forward to adding his talents to an already impressive group of backs at the club."
Mr Mallon said businesswoman Christine Bell and councillor Len Junier had criticised him and his fellow councillors for selling land at Acklam Hall for development. They referred to it as "dodgy" on Twitter and at a council meeting. Mayor Mallon said they now had to provide evidence of the claims. The independent mayor said: "You have two people here who claim the sale of Acklam Hall was dodgy. "What those people have got to do now is produce the evidence of malpractice, corruption, or criminality and I will give you a cast iron guarantee they will not be able to produce one shred of evidence. "Now they've actually got to put up or shut up." Mr Junier (Independent), who has asked the Secretary of State to investigate the sale of the land, said: "This was all about me having a duty to ask questions and raise concerns wherever they exist. "All I want to know is did the taxpayers get the best deal possible for that land?" The hall was valued at about Â£1m some years ago but Middlesbrough Council has refused to say how much it was sold for. Critics said the 32 acres of land was worth more more than Â£20m. Ms Bell told the BBC she had raised a matter of concern which had not yet been resolved and now awaits the outcome with interest.
The US Commerce Department said the economy grew at an annualised pace of 1.4% in the January-to-March period. The rate was an upward revision from the previous estimate of 1.2%, which itself was an increase from the original reading of 0.7%. However, it still marks a slowdown from the final quarter of 2016, when the economy grew at a rate of 2.1%. The latest growth figure was helped by an increased estimate for growth in consumer spending, which was revised up to a rate of 1.1% from 0.6%. "The economy is expanding at a solid, if unspectacular pace," said Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC Financial Services. Growth estimates in the first quarter are often weak, a quirk some say is due to the difficulty of measuring the effect of seasonal changes. Thursday's update bolsters the perspective of the Federal Reserve, which increased interest rates in June. Policymakers at the time said they did not believe the slowdown in the first quarter was the start of a trend, pointing to one-off factors, including a relatively mild winter. Stronger-than-expected trade figures published Wednesday also led some to predict better growth in the second quarter. Even so, many say growth for the year is all but certain to fall short of the 3% goal outlined by US President Donald Trump. Mr Faucher forecasts growth around 2.2% for the year. The International Monetary Fund this week cut its forecast for US economic growth, in part citing uncertainty over the chances for tax reform and infrastructure spending, policies that many say could provide an economic boost.
Chris Norton, who is uploading the photos to Twitter account @UrineWatch, said he noticed men repeatedly using the wall at his premises as a toilet. The businessman, based in Bradford Street, Walsall, said he was shocked to find it happening up to five times every day. Walsall Council is investigating. More on this story and others from Birmingham and the Black Country Mr Norton, who uses the hashtag #walsallwee, said: "It's been happening for more than two months and I reported it to the council but nothing happened. "So I decided I had to take action myself because it was getting very depressing to see. "I thought it was just happening at weekends, but when I saw the footage it was actually happening up to five times a day." Deputy council leader Adrian Andrew said the authority is looking to establish a public space protection order in the town centre to combat anti-social behaviour. "Officers are gathering information, which includes Mr Norton's evidence, and talking to other businesses in the area and the police to determine our next course of action," he said. "Both myself and the majority of residents in Walsall are proud of this town. We've worked damn hard to attract investment here and I'm not going to allow the behaviour of a few to cause such a stink."
Class-A drugs such as heroin and crack cocaine were among the illegal substances seized, according to the data from police in England and Wales. There were more than 2,000 incidents dating back to 2011, suggest figures from 34 police forces. Teachers described the statistics as a "worry" and the "tip of the iceberg". The figures were obtained by the Press Association news agency (PA) under the Freedom of Information Act. PA sent Freedom of Information requests to every police force in England and Wales asking how many times illegal drugs had been seized or confiscated from school premises in the period from March 2011 to the end of 2014. The query asked for details of the type and amount of drug involved, its value, the type of school (primary or secondary) and details of who it was seized or confiscated from. Just over three-quarters of forces replied. Of these, 28 forces gave details of the types of drugs involved, 18 forces identified the type of school and 13 the ages of the individuals involved. The data reveals cannabis was involved in 625 of the cases and cocaine in 27. Other drugs confiscated included LSD, amphetamines and ecstasy. Overall there were two cases each of heroin possession at schools in the West Midlands, Surrey and Greater Manchester, plus another in Hertfordshire. Only four incidents involved children under 11. An eight-year-old and a nine-year-old in Staffordshire were caught with cannabis, as was a 10-year-old girl at a Leicester primary school, while another 10-year-old in Greater Manchester was carrying £5 worth of the drug. There were 241 incidents involving 15- to 16-year-olds and 231 incidents involving 11- to 14-year-olds. In Greater Manchester, a 14-year-old was caught with heroin with a street value of £500, and a 16-year-old with a quantity worth £330. Other incidents involved parents or school employees, including a school gardener in Humberside and a cleaner at a Manchester primary. The highest number of incidents and offences in the three complete years to March 2014 was for Hampshire with 229 cases. There were 144 incidents in Avon and Somerset and 138 in the West Midlands. South Wales police reported 92 cases. There was a slight year-on-year decrease in the numbers which peaked at 657 in 2011-12 and fell to 611 and 560 in the next two years, while in the period March to December 2014, there were 407 incidents. Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT teachers' union, said any incident of drugs on school premises was "worrying as it will often only be the tip of the iceberg of what young people are encountering on the streets. "Teachers and school leaders are always alert to the potential for young people being involved in drug or alcohol abuse." Ms Keates said many specialist programmes to help schools support and educate young people about substance abuse had been cut in recent years.
The Salomon Glen Coe Skyline was one of six races in the 2015 Skyrunning UK calendar. The other events include races in the Lake District in England and Mourne Mountains in Northern Ireland. It has been announced that it will be part of the 2016 Skyrunner World Series, which will start in Norway. Other events in the series will be held in China, the USA, Italy, France, Spain, Switzerland and Andorra. The Glen Coe event will be held on 18 September. Joe Symonds, who lives in Glasgow, won the men's race and was first overall in August's inaugural event. He finished the course in a time of seven hours, 36 minutes and 21 seconds. Sweden's Emelie Forsberg won the women's event and was placed second overall with her time of seven hours, 44 minutes and 19 seconds.
Eighteen men, aged between 19 and 29 and some in prison, are banned from parts of Birmingham and must register phones and vehicles with police. The two-year orders aim to disrupt gang-related violence between the Burger Bar Boys and Johnson Crew. West Midlands Police said it was "a landmark ruling". The orders follow a spate of firearms offences in the city in 2015 and 2016, but the gangs have struck fear across parts of Birmingham for many years. They gained notoriety in 2003 when their violent feud claimed the lives of two girls - Letisha Shakespeare and Charlene Ellis - outside a late-night new year party in the city. Four men were later jailed for life for their murders. The gangs have also been behind countless drive-by shootings, drug dealing, intimidation, robberies and kidnappings. After more recent incidents of gun crime in the city, West Midlands Police and the council sought to secure the injunctions in a civil case heard at Birmingham Crown Court earlier this year. The force secured interim injunctions in 2016 and said at the time it did not want to identify anyone until they were permanent.  The BBC revealed their names after obtaining the county court documents. More than 80 people from the Home Office and police gave evidence between February and June ahead of the orders being granted in July, which the force has revealed for the first time now. Two have already been issued, three men are being sought by police and three properties were visited by officers on Wednesday. The men are forbidden from associating with each other and entering the city centre, Handsworth, Newtown, Winson Green and Lozells. In a copy of an injunction seen by the BBC, gang members are also banned from appearing in music videos that include material linked to the Burger Bar Boys and Johnson Crew. One such music video was shown during the court proceedings. Ten other men will receive the orders in jail where restrictions will be imposed on certain visitors to limit any gang associations, police said. Among those to be given the injunctions in prison are two men believed to have been the "armed response" faction of the Burger Bar Boys. Reial Phillips, 21, from Winson Green was jailed for 27 years last year after seven people were injured in a series of shootings during a feud with members of the Johnson Crew. His co-defendant 23-year-old Ashai Gray, from Walsall, was jailed for nine years after admitting conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin. Police said their actions "brought fear" to people in the West Midlands. Gang injunctions came into force in England and Wales in 2011. Home Office figures show that between January 2011 and January 2014, 88 had been put in place. The first one issued in the West Midlands was in 2012. But solicitor Errol Robinson, who represented two of the four men jailed for the new year murders, criticised the move. "They don't change behaviour or address underlying issues," he said. "Injunctions become a bit of a trophy and encourage rebellion. Gang members like to show that they're not listening to orders so will breach orders. "It's a cheap way of trying to solve crime but there is no evidence to suggest that they work. "They're just a cosmetic gesture to show people that something is being done about gangs - but actually the results are minimum to none." From former gang members the BBC has spoken to, there is little support for the mechanism, BBC Midlands Correspondent Sima Kotecha said. She said a number of gang members had said that if a person is banned from going to a certain part of a city, they will just go somewhere else and find others who have the same goal of causing violence and disruption. Birmingham has seen another spike in gun and knife crime in 2017, with nine fatal stabbings this year. None of the men named in the injunctions are involved, police said. Det Sgt Ian Comfort said: "This is relatively new legislation and we believe that securing final full injunctions on such a large number of gang members is a UK first. "The injunctions are applied for in the civil court in addition to sentences handed out by the criminal court for offences. They are an additional measure to help control the offenders and keep the community safe." Supt Mat Shaer, neighbourhood policing superintendent for Birmingham, said the injunctions were "not sought lightly" and the police, council and other groups had already made "exhaustive efforts with these men" and their families to try and steer them away gang culture. Organised gangs in Birmingham have been a part of the city's life since the 1870s. Some have been mythologised on TV such as the Peaky Blinders. But today's gangs linked to guns and drugs are far from glamorous and bring terror and misery to many people's lives. The names Burger Bar Boys and Johnson Crew sprang on to the crime scene in the late 1990s. Chaotic and quick to wreak violence, their crimes reached a crescendo one night at a new year's party in 2003 when two innocent teenage girls, Letisha Shakespeare and Charlene Ellis, died in a spray of machine gun fire in a drive-by shooting as members of the Burger Bar Boys attempted to kill a Johnson Crew man stood outside a Birmingham party. That shocking display of gang callousness led to a concerted effort by government, police and the city council, and 10 years later it led some to believe that the gangs had been defeated as gun crime fell dramatically. But in the last 18 months, a new generation of would-be gang members have arisen and shootings have begun to surge upwards. Even in the last few weeks, the police have been shot at as they carried out an anti-gun operation in the Ladywood area of the city. The men made subject to the injunctions
Gary Haggarty, 44, is no longer to be prosecuted for three alleged offences. His lawyers said these relate to possessing explosives and firearms. His legal team are also set to challenge the "propriety" of prosecuting a man they say worked as a state agent for some of the remaining 209 counts against him. On Wednesday, Belfast Magistrates' Court was told that a hearing to decide if the suspected UVF commander-turned police informer has a case to answer is scheduled for November. Mr Haggarty has been waiting to discover if he will stand trial since signing an agreement to become an assisting offender under the terms of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act (SOCPA) back in 2010. The north Belfast man was charged with 212 charges covering a 16-year period between 1991 and 2007. The prosecution case against him runs to 12,000 pages, with his alleged offences including: Mr Haggarty, whose address is listed as c/o the Police Service of Northern Ireland, is believed to be living at a secret location in England. He was not present for the latest stage in an ongoing court review of the case. Outside court, Mr Haggarty's solicitor said a challenge would be mounted against some of the remaining charges. "The defence forwarded written submissions to the PPS on 4 May dealing firstly with charges where we say the papers do not disclose a prima facie case, but also charges where there are issues in relation to the propriety of the charges at a time when the defendant was a state agent from 1993-2004," he said. ""
Mr Gargan, 48, was found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but has been allowed to return to work. The Avon and Somerset branch of the federation said it "cannot envisage" how the public or police can have "confidence in his leadership". Mr Gargan said he understood people had questions and said he would address these. In a statement issued through the Chief Police Officers Staff Association, he said he was "very much looking forward to returning to work" and "beginning the process of rebuilding confidence in the force". The comments about his return to work were made in an open letter to Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens. Mr Gargan was suspended following allegations of data protection breaches and inappropriate behaviour with women. A panel found him guilty of misconduct - but cleared him of gross misconduct. His suspension was lifted and a phased return to work prepared. Mr Gargan said his actions had "fallen below the standards expected of a chief constable". In the letter seen by the BBC, the Police Federation said the chief constable is "the person that sets the standard of professional behaviour and ethical conduct" and the role "must be beyond reproach" in the eyes of the public and police officers. It said its officers had been asked on a daily basis by "the communities they serve" how the chief constable "can return to work in these circumstances". The letter ends with the federation calling on the commissioner to "show strong leadership in dealing with this issue". Some former members of the force have also criticised Mr Gargan's return. One group of retired officers said the "debacle" had caused "more pain and damage to morale than is imaginable". Lawrie Lewis, a retired Chief Superintendent, said the force's reputation had been "severely tarnished". Sue Mountstevens said: "The procedure to be followed in relation to the sanction hearing is strictly regulated. "As with all judicial processes when proceedings are not complete it is not possible to discuss or comment upon them until they have been finalised."
Michael Bryn Jones, 39, from Llandudno, disappeared on 3 April 2016 after going to the door of the Hergest psychiatric unit at Ysbyty Gwynedd, Bangor. He was found hanging in woodland on 21 June. Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board (BCUHB) said it has already changed its procedures. An inquest into Mr Jones' death heard he had been a patient at the Hergest unit until a few days before his disappearance and continued to suffer anxiety and paranoia after he left hospital. He turned up at the unit in the early hours of 3 April and was sent to the accident and emergency department but left without booking in or speaking to anyone. Robat Hughes, the senior nurse who spoke to Mr Jones at the unit, told the inquest he regretted not asking him whether he was already having treatment. "He came to the door and asked to see a doctor, but I said there was no doctor there as she'd gone home sick.  I said that if he went to accident and emergency then there were doctors there," he said. "He was relaxed and calm.  I didn't know if he was using mental health services and I didn't ask. "I should have asked if he'd been having treatment.  It has been something I've thought about a lot since." Dr Stuart Porter, a consultant psychiatrist who reviewed the incident, said: "Somebody should have taken Michael Bryn Jones to accident and emergency.  It's also good practice to follow that up with a phone call." In a statement, BCUHB said it offered "sincere condolences" to Mr Jones' family and "fully accepted" the coroner's findings. "We have carried out our own thorough investigation, in conjunction with Michael's family, and as a result we have made changes to service provision," it added. Recording a conclusion of suicide, coroner Nicola Jones said: "There should have been more effort to persuade [Mr Jones] to come into the Hergest unit for a full assessment of his condition. "He went to that unit looking for help, and he didn't get it."
Wholesale prices have dropped and motoring organisations have suggested this merits reduced pump prices. Tesco and Morrisons are cutting prices by 2p a litre on Friday, and Asda and Sainsbury's said they would reduce prices by up to 2p a litre on Saturday. But drivers are being warned that prices can vary in different areas. The average UK price for a litre of unleaded petrol was 118.83p on Thursday, and 120.88p for a litre of diesel, according to the latest figures from Experian Catalist. Ten days earlier, the average unleaded price was 120p a litre, and diesel cost 122.06p. The oil price and wholesale prices fell sharply at the start of March, and motoring organisations have argued that this should have been feeding through to another 2p cut per litre in prices at the pumps. The RAC said motorists could feel "aggrieved" that prices had not fallen further, earlier. Asda said it had dropped prices twice in two weeks, and had a national price cap to ensure motorists were dealt with equitably. Morrisons said it had also made a second cut in two weeks. Tesco is dropping petrol and diesel prices by 2p a litre over the course of Friday afternoon at all its outlets, followed by Sainsbury's on Saturday. Luke Bosdet, of the AA, said that there was general concern that so-called supermarket fuel price wars did not actually benefit all drivers across the country. He claimed prices fell the most in areas where there were a range of supermarkets located close to each other. In other areas with less competition, the same cuts were not as likely to be seen. "We would urge motorists to look around to find a better price. There are petrol price apps that can help," he said.
More than 5,500 people signed a petition against plans to build a five-metre embankment along the waterfront. However, the council has admitted that there will never be a consensus on any flood protection proposal. A report to a meeting of Dumfries and Galloway Council's environment committee next week will attempt to find a way forward. What's happening in Scotland? Keep in touch through our live page. Chairman Colin Smyth said: "What we are now able to do is focus on what I think is the biggest issue as far as the public is concerned. In the draft proposal, the height of the embankment and the walls were simply too high and the public did not support that. "What we now need to do is make sure that we find a solution that deals with the flooding, regenerates the Whitesands, solves the car parking issues, but also reduces the height of any proposed flood protection scheme." Water from the River Nith regularly spills over into the Whitesands, flooding a major town centre car park and nearby business premises. Campaigners against the Â£15m proposal to build an embankment claimed it would have a detrimental effect on the town's main beauty spots. They also raised concerns that the move would lead to the loss of about 200 waterfront car parking spaces. David Slater, a local businessman who has been one of the project's most vocal objectors, said: "However many other consultations they do now, public opinion will not change at this stage. "It will be interesting to see how they can agree with the public to reduce the height of the bunds. There has to be better ideas because we can't put that in our town." Earlier this year MSPs called for the row over the flood protection plans to be brought to a "positive conclusion".
The towns of Virginia Water and Cobham, in Surrey, have become Britain's first million pound towns - where average house prices are more than £1m. Beaconsfield in Buckinghamshire is also in the millionaire's club, according to research by Lloyds Bank. They are the first towns outside London where prices have hit seven figures. The research was based on data from the Land Registry for the first half of 2015. Prices in Virginia Water - home to the likes of Sir Cliff Richard and Sir Bruce Forsyth - average no less than £1.169m, making it Britain's most expensive town outside the capital. No wonder that the town's famous golf course, Wentworth, feels able to charge joining fees of £125,000. That is on top of the annual membership fee of £16,000. Cobham - familiar to Chelsea footballers and their WAGS - has average prices of £1.043m. And anyone wanting to buy in Beaconsfield can expect to pay £1.003m. "We're seeing the emergence of towns where the average price is at least £1 million," said Sarah Deaves, private banking director at Lloyds Bank. "Whilst there are several London neighbourhoods where prices are already at this elevated level, outside of the capital this is a first." However the figures also show a sharp slow-down in the number of homes sold for more than £1m. In the first half of 2015 there were 5,599 such sales, down from 6,303 in 2014. That amounts to an 11% fall. One reason for that is the change in Stamp Duty rates, introduced in December 2014. The buyer of a £1m house will now pay £43,750 in Stamp Duty, up from £40,000 previously.
Shueb Salar is alleged to have posted abusive language about women and homosexuals on Twitter, in 2012. An investigation will be carried out into the "serious issues", said a spokesman for Labour candidate Mr Khan, an ex-shadow minister. Mr Salar, who has not commented, started working for Mr Khan in 2014. In light of the posts, cabinet minister Chris Grayling questioned Mr Khan's judgement in employing Mr Salar. "'These comments have absolutely no place in modern society," the leader of the House of Commons said. "The mayor of London makes a large number of decisions about who to hire and how to spend public funds: his record shows Sadiq Khan can't make those decisions in a way that stands up for Londoners." Mr Khan is tipped by the bookies to become London's next mayor on 5 May, beating his Tory rival Zac Goldsmith. A spokesman said: "Clearly these are serious issues. Shueb Salar has been suspended from Sadiq Khan's parliamentary office pending an investigation."
The hoard, which includes silver pennies dating back to the 10th and 11th centuries, was discovered by Walter Hanks in Llandwrog in March. National Museum Wales said some of the coins were made under the ruler Sihtric Anlafsson and were a type rarely found on the British mainland. It said they were likely to have been hidden or lost between 1020 and 1030. Dr Mark Redknap, of the department of history and archaeology at National Museum Wales, said the mixed nature of the collection showed bullion played an active role in the 11th Century economy and gave an idea of the wealth of Gwynedd at the time. The museum now hopes to buy the coins and put them on display.
Eren Hasyer had denied attempting to aid the escape of Izzet Eren as he was being driven to Wood Green Crown Court in a custody van. Accomplice Jermaine Baker was shot dead by police during the escape attempt in December 2015. Jurors at Woolwich Crown Court cleared Hasyer, 25, of a firearms charge. Izzet Eren was being held on remand at HMP Wormwood Scrubs accused of gun offences when he arranged for a gang to spring him from the van en-route to a hearing, Woolwich Crown Court was earlier told. Jurors heard the prisoner hatched the escape plot from his cell using a smuggled mobile phone and the attempted breakout took place on 11 December, in what the prosecutor described as a carefully thought out and professional crime. Ozcan Eren, 31, changed his plea and admitted his part in the plot after the trial opened. Two other men, Nathan Mason and Gokay Sogucakli, admitted being part of the escape plot before the trial began. A separate investigation into the death of Jermaine Baker is ongoing. Det Ch Supt Tom Manson Met Police said: "This was a bold, well planned and carefully thought out conspiracy that bears all the hallmarks of a professional crime. "They put in place anti-surveillance techniques; their own surveillance 'unit' and a command structure to run the operation."
They describe it as a kind of "jet stream" - a fast-flowing river of liquid iron that is surging westwards under Alaska and Siberia. The moving mass of metal has been inferred from measurements made by Europe’s Swarm satellites. This trio of spacecraft are currently mapping Earth's magnetic field to try to understand its fundamental workings. The scientists say the jet is the best explanation for the patches of concentrated field strength that the satellites observe in the northern hemisphere. "This jet of liquid iron is moving at about fifty kilometres per year," explained Dr Chris Finlay from the National Space Institute at the Technical University of Denmark (DTU Space). “That might not sound like a lot to you on Earth's surface, but you have to remember this a very dense liquid metal and it takes a huge amount of energy to move this thing around and that's probably the fastest motion we have anywhere within the solid Earth,” he told BBC News. Dr Finlay was speaking here at the American Geophysical Union (AGU) meeting in San Francisco, just ahead of the official publication of the research in the journal Nature Geoscience. Most people will be familiar with the atmospheric jet stream - the high-altitude, rapidly flowing belt of air on which aeroplanes ride to get to their destination more quickly. Dr Finlay and colleagues want us to envision something similar but made of metal and 3,000km down, under our feet. They assess the jet to be about 420km wide, and say it wraps half-way around the planet. Its behaviour will be critical to the generation and maintenance of the global magnetic field, they add. “It's likely that the jet stream has been in play for hundreds of millions of years," said Dr Phil Livermore from Leeds University, UK, and the lead author on the journal paper. In the paper, the team puts forward a model to explain the jet. The scientists say the feature probably aligns to a boundary between two different regions in the core. They call this boundary the "tangent cylinder". They imagine this as a tube sitting around the solid inner core, running along Earth’s rotation axis. When liquid iron approaches the boundary from both sides, it gets squeezed out sideways to form the jet, which then hugs the imaginary tube. "Of course, you need a force to move fluid towards the tangent cylinder," said Prof Rainer Hollerbach, also from Leeds and another co-author on the paper. "This could be provided by buoyancy, or perhaps more likely from changes in the magnetic field within the core." Although the team believes it understands how wide and how long the jet is, the depth to which it descends is far from certain. Dr Livermore told BBC News: "It currently wraps about 180 degrees around the tangent cylinder.  Although observations only constrain the jet stream on the edge of the core, our theoretical understanding suggests that the jet could in principle go very deep indeed - possibly in fact all the way down to the edge of the core in the southern hemisphere (i.e. at the other end of the tangent cylinder)." That the team can make such inferences speaks to the impressive capabilities of the Swarm constellation. Launched in November 2013, the European Space Agency satellites are providing unparalleled insights into the structure and behaviour of Earth's magnetic field. With their highly sensitive instruments, they are gradually teasing apart the field's various components - from the dominant signal coming from the movement of iron in the outer core to the almost imperceptible contribution made by ocean currents. It is  hoped the Swarm satellites’ data could ultimately tell us why Earth’s magnetic field has been weakening in recent centuries. Scientists have speculated we could be on the cusp of a polarity reversal, which would see North become South, and South become North. This occurs every few hundred thousand years. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
The Dons turned down an undisclosed bid for the 29-year-old, who has made 22 appearances this season, on Friday. "It's one of those things. You put a value on a player and that's what happens," Warnock told BBC Radio Wales Sport. "We are just weighing up two or three other players at the moment to see what we're going to do." He continued: "We try to keep away from the last-minute deadline but I'm afraid it's always there. There's a possibility that we might make another offer." Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he has told Cardiff to "be serious" with regard to the fee if they wish to pursue their interest in Hayes. Meanwhile, Warnock revealed he was in talks to bring a Premier League goalkeeper to the Cardiff City Stadium, and said he would not have sanctioned former keeper David Marshall's move to Hull City last summer. "If I had been here all season I would have desperately gone out of my way to make sure he didn't leave," he added. "We lost two goalkeepers on the last day [of the transfer window] and didn't recruit anybody, which has really snookered me really. "I've been looking to get a permanent goalkeeper in now, I've made two offers for players which have both been turned town and now I'm trying to get somebody on loan from the Premier League."
Scotland's National Action Plan for Human Rights has been developed after four years of research by the Scottish Human Rights Commission. The plan aims to improve human rights protection in Scotland. The commission's evidence suggests basic rights are not consistently promoted, respected or protected in people's every day lives. The Scottish government, the NHS, Amnesty International and various other organisations including trade unions and local authorities were involved in creating the action plan. Areas of concern when drawing up the document included: care, disability rights, health, criminal justice and business. Commitments have been made by the bodies behind the plan to integrate human rights more closely into their work. Commission chair Professor Alan Miller said: "Today, International Human Rights Day, Scotland is taking a big step towards building a country where everyone can live a life of human dignity. "The Scottish Parliament has human rights at its heart, it created the Scottish Human Rights Commission and today Scotland's first National Action Plan for Human Rights is launched as the next step on Scotland's journey to progressively realise internationally agreed human rights for the benefit of everyone." Although this is the first human rights action plan in the UK, they do exist in other countries, such as Sweden, Spain, New Zealand and Australia. Nils Muiznieks, the Council of Europe's Commissioner for Human Rights said: "Scotland's National Action Plan for Human Rights is a bold venture which aims to bring human rights home in people's everyday life. "It signals a strong commitment to internationally agreed human rights standards which is particularly significant in the current context of economic crisis and austerity." Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said: "The plan is an important milestone in our journey to create a Scotland which acts as a beacon of progress internationally. "We will continue to work with the Scottish Human Rights Commission to make rights a reality for all in Scotland, in keeping with the importance this Government has long attached to human dignity, equality and fairness and the pursuit of social justice."
Tevez, 31, started his career at Boca before leaving in 2004 and returns to Argentina after nine years in Europe. Former Manchester United, Manchester City and West Ham forward Tevez struck 20 Serie A goals last season and had been linked with Liverpool, Atletico Madrid and Paris St-Germain. Juventus had already replaced Tevez with Mario Mandzukic from Atletico. Boca Juniors confirmed the transfer while Tevez was on the bench for the Copa America quarter-final against Colombia. Shortly after the announcement was made, Tevez came on to score the winning penalty in a shootout to send Argentina into the last four. Boca president Daniel Angelici said: "It is a day of joy and great satisfaction. The return of Carlos Tevez in an extraordinary moment of his career is fantastic news for all partners and supporters of Boca and Argentine football. The presence of Carlos will give another leap in quality to the great squad we have." Tevez, who has won three league titles in England and two in Italy, scored 38 goals in 110 games during his first spell at Boca, where he won the league in 2003 and was voted South American Player of the Year for three straight seasons. He left for Brazilian side Corinthians before the 2005 season, and moved to West Ham the following year. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Media playback is not supported on this device A day before turning 43, the oldest rider in the event beat Russian Olga Zabelinskaya, who returned from a doping ban last year, by 5.55 seconds. Dutch rider Anna van der Breggen, winner of the road race, took bronze. Great Britain's Emma Pooley, who, like Armstrong, came out of retirement to compete in Rio, finished 14th. Find out how to get into cycling with our special guide. Pooley, 33, told BBC Radio 5 live she "struggled with the blustery crosswind" on the hilly 29,7km course. "The weather was a bit different to what we expected," she said. "I had to ditch my visor halfway round because it got steamed up. "Some people are just better at cornering in the wet, I guess." Armstrong became the first person to win the same road cycling event at three Olympics. Having won the time trial at Beijing 2008, she retired in 2009 to start a family before returning to win gold at London 2012 and retiring again. Media playback is not supported on this device Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Will he be less outspoken? Will he temper his Twitter tirades? Will he back down from his calls for a Muslim ban? Maybe. Maybe not. But there are some significant ways Mr Trump is already altering his campaign strategy - sometimes in direct conflict with promises and assertions he made during his long, successful race to the top of the Republican Party. Here are five. Mr Trump has repeatedly boasted that he was paying for his campaign out of his own personal fortune. "By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists," he posted on Facebook back in September. "I am only working for the people of the US!" Even though that's not exactly true - Mr Trump was loaning his campaign money and could someday pay it back, in addition to raising funds through donations - it was a central part of his pitch to those put off by the current political system. Now, however, all pretence is gone. Mr Trump announced he's hired a veteran money man - a former Goldman Sachs partner, no less - as his national finance chairman. And on Tuesday he reached an agreement with the Republican Party to conduct joint fundraising through a network of committees that can take donations of up to $449,400 (Â£307,850) per person. Mr Trump's move is an acknowledgement that he would be hard-pressed to self-finance a general election campaign, which could cost more than $1bn. He's wealthy - but he's not that wealthy. Mr Trump has repeatedly insisted campaign-funded opinion polls are a waste of money. "I don't have pollsters," he said last August. "I don't want to be unreal. I want to be me. I have to be me. You know, we have enough of that in Washington, with pollsters telling everybody what to say and everybody being controlled by the special interests, and the lobbyists, et cetera, and the donors." In fact, Mr Trump was dismissive of the whole idea of data-driven campaigns - including President Barack Obama's winning presidential bids. "Obama got the votes much more so than his data processing machine, and I think the same is true with me," he told the Associated Press. That was before the Trump campaign hired Republican pollster Tony Fabrizio, a veteran of the presidential campaigns of Rand Paul, Rick Perry and Bob Dole and a host of other state-level candidates. Accurate, focused polling can serve as a presidential campaign's eyes and ears. It provides detailed information that helps a candidate's team determine where and how to spend resources. At least that's what high-paid professional political pollsters will tell their candidates. And now Donald Trump is listening. Like many Republicans, Mr Trump loved to make fun of Mr Obama's reliance on Teleprompters during public events. "I've always said, if you run for president, you shouldn't be allowed to use Teleprompters," he said in October. "Because you don't even know if the guy's smart." Part of Mr Trump's appeal was his off-the-cuff style. He could say anything at any time, no matter how controversial - compared to controlled, careful career politicians like Hillary Clinton. "I watched Hillary the other day, and she has the biggest teleprompters I've ever seen," he said in January. "In fact, if you're sitting on that side of the room or that side of the room you can't see her because when they are outside, they are painted black and you can't even see her." Then Mr Trump used a Teleprompter to deliver a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee in March. And he used one to give a foreign policy address in April. His campaign has said that more substantive, scripted speeches are in store, including on the military, education reforms and the Supreme Court. This, campaign manager Corey Lewandowski told the Washington Post, represents "the natural maturation of the campaign". Over the course of his primary campaign Mr Trump hasn't been afraid to pick fights with fellow conservatives. He memorably sparred with Fox News moderator Megyn Kelly in the first Republican debate in August. He repeatedly criticised his party's foreign policy establishment. And he relentlessly disparaged the Republican Party leaders. "They win their election, and they go to Washington, and they're with their wife or husband, and they say: 'Look at the beautiful columns. I don't want to leave this place, this is so beautiful,'" Mr Trump said of Republican politicians in December. "And they let us down." Now Trump has reunited with Kelly in a make-nice Fox interview. He's given a foreign-policy speech to a Washington think tank. He's made the rounds on Capitol Hill and "planted seeds" with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. On Wednesday afternoon he even had a closed-door meeting with the dean of the conservative foreign-policy establishment, Henry Kissinger. In the past Republicans have pivoted from the right to the political middle. Mr Trump, it seems, is pivoting from the outside to the inside. On Wednesday Mr Trump released his much anticipated list of potential Supreme Court nominees. For an unconventional candidate, it was decidedly conventional. While one judge, Don Willett of Texas, has an affinity for Twitter that almost rivals Mr Trump's, the list - eight men, three women, all white - is only surprising for its adherence to conservative orthodoxy. It looks like it could have been the product of the right-wing Heritage Foundation. In fact, it largely was. All of the names are judges currently on either state or federal courts, even though there is no constitutional requirement that Supreme Court nominees even be lawyers. While no one was expecting Mr Trump to suggest Hulk Hogan or Sarah Palin for the high court, his list looks a lot like business as usual for a Republican presidential candidate. That may be just he way he wants it - but it's also not exactly what his primary campaign was all about.
The girl suffered injuries to her head, arm and leg in the incident in July 2014, Plymouth Crown Court heard. Christopher Budd, 20, of Trelawney Gardens, Liskeard, Cornwall, and Ryan Swaddling, 23, from Cleeve Drive, Ivybridge, Devon, both deny dangerous driving. About 200 people attended the event. The girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said: "I thought I was going to die. You could hear screaming. I felt my head and I had a massive bump on it." She added: "You could hear bodies bang against the car." Another teenager told the court a car drove over her leg at the meet. The 17 injured, aged between 12 and 20, were among a crowd watching cars at the B&Q car park in Tavistock Road on 26 July. One witness told the court: "I fell to the floor and the car went over my leg. I don't remember how I hit my head. I remember everyone looking at me and blood pouring from my head." Another witness said the vehicles were seeing how fast they could get to a speed bump and trying to create smoke from their tyres. He added there was one girl on the floor and there was "blood everywhere" after the crash. The trial continues.
The double reception was first proposed by the SDLP at the end of last year, to celebrate both teams reaching the finals of the Euro 2016 competition. Unionists objected, saying the council had already held a civic reception for the Northern Ireland team in November. Unionist amendments to expand the invite to other UK teams were defeated. An amendment put forward by Ulster Unionist councillor Jim Rodgers to invite all four teams from England, Wales, Northern Ireland the Republic of Ireland was defeated by 33 votes to 20. Unionist councillors also proposed sending letters of congratulation to all teams from the British Isles who qualified for the Euro 2016 finals, but this amendment was also voted down.
Their quartet of Marcus Hellner, Lars Nelson, Johan Olsson and Daniel Richardson led from start to finish and completed the course in one hour 28 minutes 42 seconds. The battle for silver and bronze was won by Russia - who were watched by President Vladimir Putin. The bronze was taken by France - their first medal in the event. A day after their women's team came from behind to earn a narrow relay victory, Sweden's anchor Hellner skied alone for the entire fourth leg and grabbed a Swedish flag to wave as he entered the stadium and proceeded unchallenged down the final straight. Hellner started the final leg with a 14-second lead over Russia's Maxim Vylegzhanin and quickly extended the gap, eventually winning by 27.3 seconds. It was another disappointing day for Norway, who had fallen a minute behind by the second exchange and ended up fourth, a day after their heavily favoured women also failed to get a medal.
At Turf Moor on Saturday, Burnley and West Brom played out a game in which the ball was in play for only 160 seconds more than it was out. Though these are early days, no Premier League match so far this season has seen less action. Two months ago, football's lawmakers revealed they were considering scrapping 45-minute halves, instead introducing two periods of 30 minutes, during which the clock would be stopped every time the ball went out. The proposal, the International Football Association Board said, was one of a number of options to deter football's "negativities". So would the rule have benefited supporters at Premier League matches so far this season? In a word, yes. Of 19 top-flight games across the opening two weekends of the campaign, the ball has been in play for more than an hour in only two of them. And no game has featured more than 61 minutes of play. Food for thought for fans and lawmakers alike. Here's the rest of the key Premier League statistics from the weekend. It was a landmark weekend for Wayne Rooney as he joined Alan Shearer in the 200 Premier League goals club with his strike against Manchester City on Monday. Here's how and when he has scored them. Rooney has some way to go to beat former Newcastle and Blackburn striker Shearer's record of 260 goals, although his goal at Etihad Stadium was his fifth in his past eight Premier League games. If he can keep that up then who knows... ... try, try again? Well doing just that doesn't appear to be yielding results in the Premier League so far this season. Harry Kane must have some sort of pox on him that prevents him from scoring in August, and it's hard not to sympathise as everything conspired to deny him a goal against Chelsea on Sunday. He's attempted 14 shots so far this term - no player has managed more - all without reward. "Obviously my decision not to read the British press was one of the best I ever made in my life." Judging by the above quote, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was perhaps getting a little tired of the criticism of his side's defending before they beat Crystal Palace 1-0 on Saturday. It was a welcome clean sheet after the Reds conceded three in their Premier League opener against Watford and then let in a late goal in the midweek 2-1 Champions League play-off win at Hoffenheim. But is their defence really a problem? On the face of it, the statistics suggest it is. No team has made more errors that have led to goals than Liverpool since 2012, while the Reds have not managed to concede fewer than 40 goals a season since 2009-10. A concern, no doubt, for a side with title ambitions. Only once in the past seven seasons has the Premier League been won by a side that has shipped 40 goals or more - Manchester United in 2012-13 (43). However, things appear to be going in the right direction under Klopp. Liverpool conceded eight fewer goals last season than they did in the German's first at Anfield, while Saturday's result against Palace was a fifth clean sheet from their past six Premier League games, as many as in the previous 21. The run of four clean sheets in Liverpool's final four games of last season came with Joel Matip and Dejan Lovren in the side. When they are able to start together, Liverpool are generally rock solid at the back - of the 18 league games they started last season, the Reds lost just once and kept eight clean sheets. Possession football. Two words that will have Arsenal fans shuddering. The Gunners often come out on top of the possession statistics but their game at Stoke on Saturday perhaps took the biscuit. With 77.3%, Arsene Wenger's side 'enjoyed' their highest possession figure in a single Premier League match since the 2003-04 season - yet lost 1-0. It was a similar story for Tottenham. Against Chelsea in their first Premier League home game at Wembley, they threw everything (possibly including the kitchen sink) at the opposition goal, dominating the possession statistics with 68% of the ball - but ended up on the wrong side of a 2-1 result. Clearly Chelsea were taking a leaf out of Burnley's books. Last weekend, the Clarets had just 38% possession compared with 62% for the Blues, but came away with the victory. Javier Hernandez did what Javier Hernandez does best on Saturday - score from inside the box. The former Manchester United striker returned to English football by joining West Ham in the summer and scored in the Premier League for the first time since April 2014 with a brace against Southampton. Just like his strike against Newcastle 1,232 days ago, both of those goals came from within 18 yards. In fact, not one of Hernandez's 39 goals in the Premier League have been scored from outside the area, making him one of the most lethal close-range finishers to have played in England's top flight. Hernandez's failure to score from outside of the box is not for the want of trying. Against Southampton, the Mexico international had three shots on goal. Two from inside the box which ended up in the back of the net, the other from long range which, you've guessed it, went wide. The fox in the box is very much in style. Of the 50 goals scored in the Premier League so far this season, only four have come from outside the area. Life just continues to get better and better for Huddersfield fans. The Terriers, back in the big time after a 45-year absence, made it two wins from two in the Premier League by beating Newcastle 1-0 on Sunday. It means they are now only the third team in Premier League history to win their first two games following promotion. Bolton, in 2001-02, went to finish 16th and earn another stint in the top flight - but Hull City last season would go on to be relegated. A sign that the season is a marathon and not a sprint. But perhaps youthful exuberance will see David Wagner's men continue to upset the odds. Huddersfield have named two of the four youngest starting XIs in the Premier League so far this season - and average age of 25 years and 143 days at Crystal Palace and 25 years 331 days against Newcastle.
Twenty years ago today, Craig Brown's side faced England at Wembley at Euro 96 and encountered the kind of cruel fate that leaves a lasting regret. Scotland were undone by misfortune and brilliance; two momentary interventions that extinguished their hopes. The performance overall was not bereft, which was in keeping with the tournament as a whole since Brown's team drew 0-0 with the Netherlands in the opening match and went on to defeat Switzerland 1-0. Even so, the game still stands out in the long history of encounters between the Auld Enemy, for its circumstances, its drama and, to an extent, its heartache. England needed to recover from a disappointing 1-1 draw with Switzerland in their opening game that exacerbated the criticism of the players. Manager Terry Venables had taken the squad to Hong Kong prior to the tournament, where some were pictured out drinking heavily. Damage caused to the plane on the journey home brought further condemnation, while also building a siege mentality amongst the players and Venables, who had already announced he would be standing down after Euro 96 and would be succeeded by Glenn Hoddle. Scotland were buoyed by holding the Dutch to a draw and although underdogs at Wembley, there was no sense of inferiority. Of the team that started the match, Colin Calderwood was at Tottenham, Colin Hendry had won the Premier League the year before with Blackburn (alongside England striker Alan Shearer), Gary McAllister was at Leeds and John Spencer was at Chelsea. The rest of the team was made up of players from Aberdeen, Celtic and Rangers. For Scotland, naturally, the tie stirred memories of past excursions to Wembley and the fans mobilised en masse to London with a sense of living up to the zealous spirit of their predecessors. The occasion worked with and against Scotland, though, since the England players were fired up by the historical significance of the game as much as the need to establish their worth at Euro 96. Before kick-off, England full-back Stuart Pearce could barely look at the Scots as they shook hands. "You've got no friends when you play against a team like that," he later recalled. It was a measure of Scotland's first-half performance that England used the interval to change their line-up. The game was still tied at 0-0, which suited Brown's side because the longer the game remained in the balance, the more doubt would enter the minds of the England players. Venables was too wily to be outfoxed, though. Recognising that his side was not dominating possession enough to threaten, he brought on midfielder Jamie Redknapp at half-time. Eight minutes into the second half, Redknapp was involved in the move that resulted in Gary Neville crossing for Shearer to open the scoring with a header. Scotland were not subdued by the goal, and Gordon Durie's header forced David Seaman to desperately claw the ball away. Durie was involved in the next key moment, when he reached Stuart McCall's cross ahead of Tony Adams and was knocked over by the Arsenal defender's sliding challenge. McAllister placed the ball on the spot, but as he ran to take his penalty kick, the ball rolled slightly. It was enough of a movement for Seaman to notice it and briefly wonder if the Scotland midfielder would stop and restart his run. Instead, he struck the ball firmly but relatively straight, and Seaman blocked the spot-kick. McAllister later insisted that the movement of the ball was not an excuse for missing, but also insisted that if he had scored, he was convinced Scotland's momentum would have driven them to victory. Instead, there was only further pain. Within 90 seconds the ball was worked out towards Paul Gascoigne, who lobbed it over Hendry then caught it on the volley to score past his Rangers team-mate, Andy Goram. "You've got to hold your hand up at times and say it was a great piece of skill," Hendry later recalled. Gascoigne ran to the byline and lay on his back while England players sprayed water into his mouth, mimicking the dentist's chair drinking game that had been caught on camera in Hong Kong. Media playback is not supported on this device The midfielder was typically mercurial, since it was his birthday the England players had been out celebrating in Hong Kong. He had been quiet in the opening match, too, and the Scotland bench were convinced Venables was about to replace him before he scored. The England boss understood Gascoigne better than most, though, having worked with him at Tottenham as well. The night before the Scotland game, Gascogine couldn't sleep and visited Venables in his hotel room. He confessed to being worried that he would not be selected for the game, and Venables told him he wouldn't be. Even with the player in tears, Venables left him thinking that for 45 minutes, before telling him he was playing and to get off to bed to sleep. Some of the Scotland players left the pitch feeling they had let their country down, while for many of the England players it was relief that underpinned their joy. They went on to defeat the Netherlands 4-1, but Patrick Kluivert's consolation goal for the Dutch 12 minutes before the end meant Scotland were knocked out on goals scored, despite both countries finishing on four points and with a goal difference of minus one. England reached the semi-final, only to lose to Germany on penalties. Their defeat was overseen by Berti Vogts, who led his country to the title, and then six years later became manager of Scotland.
The project, called Historical Dances in an Antique Setting, is the work of Argentine artist Pablo Bronstein. Three classically-trained dancers will be seen weaving up and down the Duveen Galleries "striking elegant and refined poses". The free installation opens on Tuesday with live performances from 1100-1700. It runs until 9 October. Bronstein's work also features two large-scale architectural structures which are overlaid with images of Tate Britain's exterior architecture. The effect is described as "visually turning the gallery inside out". "Grand architecture is one of the things I'm most interested in, so it was a rare opportunity to be able to create work in such a unique setting as the Duveen Galleries," Bronstein said. "The commission also presented a perfect and challenging opportunity to work with performance on a large scale." Tate Britain director Alex Farquharson said: "Pablo Bronstein's work consistently makes for deliciously jarring encounters between past and present, and between art and society. It's fantastic to see his work come to life in the aesthetic and institutional grandeur of Tate Britain's Duveen Galleries."
A application has been submitted to extend the Advanced Manufacturing and Research Centre Campus (AMRC) on the site of the old Sheffield Airport. The centre is already home to a number of high technology companies, including a £110m Rolls Royce jet engine factory. If approved, the new site would be developed over the next 10 years. Located on the Rotherham and Sheffield border, the site closed to commercial flying in 2008, although it is still the base for South Yorkshire Police's helicopter. The business park, which is home to a training centre and a nuclear research facility, opened in 2012. A new £43m "flexible factory" is being built in a partnership between the University of Sheffield and companies including Boeing. As well as new research facilities, offices and workspaces would be also be built. James Newman, chairman of the Sheffield City Region Local Enterprise Partnership, said he hoped the expansion would encourage more businesses to invest in the area. "They will be right in the nerve centre of advanced manufacturing," he said. "All around them will be people doing top research in nuclear, in aerospace and in other high-tech industries." "If we can bring high-tech jobs then that's what we want."
The 17-year-old, who cannot be named, committed the offence while on a community payback order he received for having sex with a 12-year-old girl when he was 14. A court heard that he had sex with the 13-year-old in the grounds of Dundee and Angus College. The meeting was arranged on Snapchat. Dundee Sheriff Court heard how the pair had met through mutual friends in 2015 but there was no contact between them until June 2016 when he added her on the social networking app. Fiscal depute Eilidh Robertson said that when they met they chatted for some time and the accused was immediately affectionate towards the girl, kissing and cuddling her. "He told her he had been 'choking to go with her' and they then walked towards the college," Ms Robertson said. "He repeatedly asked her if she would have sex with him, and when in the grounds of the college he said 'have sex with me there' and pointed to a grassy area. "They went there and had sex, after which he stood up and said he had to leave." The girl's mother picked her up before the 13-year-old told her what had happened the next day. She then told a counsellor who called in police. The teenager was given a community payback order last year for his previous sex offence conviction. Sheriff Alastair Carmichael told him that custody was the only option this time because he did not appear to have learned from his previous community sentence. The 17-year-old pleaded guilty on indictment to a charge under the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act. Defence solicitor Katrina Clark urged the court to impose a second community payback order instead of a jail term. She said: "He's aware he faces more time in custody. "The more effective way forward for him would be through the intensive project outlined for him in the social work reports. That wouldn't be an easy option. "This could be dealt with by a non-custodial sentence due to his age, the period he has spent in custody on remand and his acceptance of his guilt at an early stage." Sheriff Alastair Carmichael imposed a one-year sentence of detention on the teenager, placed him on the sex offenders register for 10 years and imposed a sexual offences prevention order for six years during which time he will be monitored by specialist police officers. He said: "Unfortunately from your perspective no other method than custody is appropriate. "I've come to that decision based on the gravity of the offence and also because you were subject to a CPO with specialist elements which you don't appear to have learned from."
The man tried to drive through Walcot Lane ford, in Pershore, on Saturday morning, the ambulance service said. "The elderly man driving had managed to get himself out of the vehicle and was treated at the scene by medics for being cold and wet," a spokesman said. He said the man was "extremely fortunate" he escaped quickly and urged other drivers to avoid flooded roads. Fire crews helped rescue the man and his vehicle. Several flood alerts are in place in Worcestershire. But previous flood warnings, which urge for immediate action as flooding is expected, have been lifted.
One of them, the blogger Prof Michael Pettis of the Beijing Business School, had earned kudos as one of the first to predict the sharp slowdown in China's economy seen over the last year. The other was the Economist. The magazine, that is. Their bet - for a bottle of booze - was over whether China's economy was about to run out of puff. The country has managed 9.9% growth on average over the past 35 years, but Prof Pettis thinks that the growth rate will fall to a measly (by Chinese standards) 3% this decade. The more gung-ho Economist by contrast was forecasting that China would stay on course to overtake the US as the world's biggest economy by 2018. "China has grown very rapidly in the last 30 years, but it has been following a model that is not unique," says Prof Pettis. "In the 50s and 60s almost everyone 'knew' that the Soviet Union would overtake the US in the 70s - even Jack Kennedy - but it didn't happen. Instead, the Russian economy got mired in debt and years of stagnation." Other examples include the Brazilian economic "miracle" of the 1960s and 1970s, says Prof Pettis, that ended in a 1982 financial crisis and a "lost decade" of growth, or Japan's rapid ascent up until its own 1990 crisis and subsequent two-decade stagnation. What these countries have in common is an enormous level of government-led investment - in roads, trains, schools, hospitals, education and training. "You can get tremendous growth by keeping investment levels high," he explains. "And in the early days, growth is healthy and sustainable. "But later... you very easily reach a point where you can't identify economically viable projects any more, and you overshoot and start misallocating capital in a pretty significant way. That's when debt rises more quickly than the economy's capacity to service it." China has been overinvesting perhaps since the 1990s, according to Prof Pettis, and certainly in the last five to 10 years. "A lot of growth is fake," he says. "If you spend $1bn building an airport, it generates the same amount of [economic output] today whether or not anyone actually uses the airport. "If no-one uses it, however, the economic value created by the airport is not enough to repay the debt, and so future growth must decline as wealth is transferred from some other part of the economy to pay down the debt." He says that there are three main sources of growth for China. The first, investment, is already exhausted. The second, exports, are also no longer viable, as China's main export markets in Europe and the US are depressed, and China's trade surplus has become politically contentious in those countries. The third option is for ordinary Chinese people to increase their spending on consumer products and services. But here the numbers just don't stack up. Consumers account for just a third of spending in China - an unprecedentedly low share for any major economy - while investment accounts for a whopping half of the economy. If investment just stagnates - and in developed capitalist economies it usually falls after such a long boom - then, with consumer spending starting from such a low base, China would have to pull off the biggest consumer spending boom in history just to maintain overall economic growth at the planned rate of 7%-8%. But the kinds of policies that would be needed to pull this off - such as paying Chinese households more interest on their savings, paying Chinese workers higher wages at the cost of state-owned company profits, or providing Chinese migrant workers with decent social benefits - run up against powerful politically-connected interests. Prof Pettis is doubtful that it can be done. "The bet's still on," says Simon Cox, Asia economics editor at the Economist. "Though it won't be resolved till the end of the decade." The Economist's side of the bet - that China will overtake the US by 2018 - was the default scenario in an interactive forecaster that they stuck on their website to let readers play God with the Chinese economy. "[2018] seems quite soon, but then you look at the individual assumptions, and they don't seem too whacky." One crucial assumption is the exchange rate. Mr Cox's team expects the yuan to strengthen against the dollar, even while prices rise more quickly in China, meaning that measured in dollars China's economy could still grow very rapidly, even if in reality the country actually slows down. "I agree with Pettis on a whole range of things. I think the investment rate is too high, and it is difficult to invest wisely when you are doing it so fast. A lot of investment, especially by state-owned companies, is inefficient." Where he parts company with the Beijing-based professor is on the question of whether China is running out of decent investment opportunities. China is still a very underdeveloped country, and he says the capital stock per worker - the quantity of buildings, machinery, infrastructure, vehicles and suchlike relative to the population size - is still very low by Western or Japanese standards. He also says that while Prof Pettis is focused on where spending will come from, what really matters for long-term growth is China's ability to improve skills and adopt new technology. Will China fall flat on its face? China's economic miracle China businessmen's stories "China is very good at absorbing knowhow from the rest of the world. It is much more open to foreign investment than Korea and Japan were. And it has a large domestic market, so foreign producers have an incentive to tutor local suppliers in their products." Mr Cox confesses to being an old-school Keynesian. As such, he believes that even if - as Prof Pettis believes - China does run into the same problem as the West, that ordinary citizens are not increasing their spending fast enough, the government can cope. "If the alternative is unemployment, it is better to employ people to do something, even if it is not very value-adding. "Lots of people are still living in old housing units left over from the 1990s, so it would be worthwhile employing people to build replacements for those. Unfortunately, a lot of labour instead gets wasted on building tasteless villas for the super-wealthy. "China's economy is unfair and inefficient, but it's not unstable."
The two firms should be barred from any US mergers and acquisitions, according to a House Intelligence Committee report. The panel says the firms failed to allay fears about their association with China's government and military. Huawei and ZTE denied the accusations in front of the panel in September. On Monday ZTE issued a statement insisting its equipment met all US standards and posed no threat. "ZTE has set an unprecedented standard for co-operation by any Chinese company with a congressional investigation," China's Xinhua news agency quoted the firm as saying. How China became the US election bogeyman Huawei's vice-president, William Plummer, said the latest accusations were "dangerous political distractions". "Purporting that Huawei is somehow uniquely vulnerable to cyber mischief ignores technical and commercial realities, recklessly threatens American jobs and innovation, does nothing to protect national security." While the House Intelligence report stopped short of calling for a boycott of the firms' mobile phone products, it was highly critical of the two companies. "China has the means, opportunity and motive to use telecommunications companies for malicious purposes," the report says. "Based on available classified and unclassified information, Huawei and ZTE cannot be trusted to be free of foreign state influence and thus pose a security threat to the United States and to our systems." The panel said their investigation had received credible allegations from current and former Huawei employees of bribery and corruption, discriminatory behaviour and copyright infringement. Republican committee chairman Mike Rogers said they had passed on information to the FBI to investigate the allegations. "We've come to the conclusion, unfortunately, they are not private entities," Mr Rogers said on Monday. On Sunday, Mr Rogers delivered a blunt verdict to the 60 Minutes programme on US network CBS. "If I were an American company today... and you are looking at Huawei, I would find another vendor if you care about your intellectual property, if you care about your consumers' privacy, and you care about the national security of the United States of America," he said. Among the report's recommendations were to exclude any Huawei or ZTE equipment or component parts from being used by government contractors, as well both companies becoming "more transparent and responsive to US legal obligations". China's Foreign Ministry urged the US to "set aside prejudices" regarding the two firms. "Chinese telecoms companies have been developing their international business based on market economy principles," ministry spokesman Hong Lei said. "Their investment in the United States embodies the mutually beneficial nature of Sino-American economic and trade relations." Huawei was started by Ren Zhengfei, a former member of the People's Liberation Army, in 1987. As the firm has grown to become one of the largest global players in the sector, fears about its ties with the Chinese military have frequently surfaced. There have been concerns and allegations that it was helping China gather information on foreign states and companies, charges that the firm has denied. Last year, its purchase of American computer company 3Leaf systems, was rejected by a US security panel. Earlier this year, it along with ZTE, faced allegations that some of their equipment had been installed with codes to relay sensitive information back to China. Senior executives from the two companies denied those allegations when they appeared before US lawmakers in September. ZTE is also facing accusations it sold US telecoms equipment to Iran, in breach of US sanctions. Telecoms giant Cisco on Monday ended its relationship with ZTE, Reuters reported, after its equipment was included in the Tehran deal. This latest report comes in the midst of a US presidential campaign in which China has become a hot topic. Both President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney have pledged to increase the pressure on Beijing on issues ranging from China's currency policy to state subsidies for Chinese firms. Earlier this month, Mr Obama signed an order blocking a deal by a Chinese firm, Ralls Corp, to acquire four wind farm projects near a US naval facility in Oregon. It was the first foreign investment to be blocked in the US for 22 years. The Chinese firm has since sued Mr Obama, alleging the US government overstepped its authority.
Labour MP Yvette Cooper said it was not "appropriate" or "statesmanlike" for him to use such language about a "complex and sensitive" issue. Shadow minister Kate Green said it was "offensive, hurtful... and divisive". Mr Cameron said Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn had told the migrants at the camp "they could all come to Britain". At the weekend, the Labour leader visited the Grande-Synthe Camp, near Dunkirk, and The Jungle in Calais, where more than 7,000 people are sleeping rough, describing conditions there as "disgraceful". Jeremy Corbyn had a good go at David Cameron over the Google tax deal, using a crowd-sourced question from Jeff (or possibly Geoff), who wanted to know whether he could join a scheme allowing him to pay the same rate of tax as the internet giant. But some commentators felt the Labour leader lost focus when he switched to other subjects for his final two questions. "We've had no answer on Google, and no answers on Jeff," said Mr Corbyn, before turning to what he calls the "bedroom tax" and a High Court ruling that it is "discriminatory". For his final question, he called on the PM to launch an inquiry into arms export licences to Saudi Arabia amid UN reports of coalition air strikes on civilians in Yemen. The prime minister responded to that last point by saying the UK had some of the strictest rules for arms exports in the world. He added that Britain was "not part of Saudi-led operations" in Yemen. But it was one of those weeks when reaction to what was said at PMQs overshadowed anything that was said during the session, as Labour seized on Mr Cameron's "bunch of migrants" comment. Mr Cameron was coming to the end of a clash with Jeremy Corbyn about Google's tax deal with the government, when he decided, as he often does, to broaden out his attack to other issues. The Labour leader had just accused him of failing to stand up to Google. Mr Cameron replied: "The shadow chancellor's pointing - the idea that those two right honourable gentlemen would stand up to anyone in this regard is laughable. "Look at the record over the last week - they met with the unions and they gave them flying pickets. "They met with the Argentinians, they gave them the Falkland Islands. "They met with a bunch of migrants in Calais, they said they could all come to Britain. "The only people they never stand up for are the British people and hard-working taxpayers." Several Labour MPs objected to Mr Cameron's "bunch of migrants" comments on Twitter, describing them as "shameful" and "inflammatory" and the PM as "odious". A Labour spokesman said Mr Cameron's use of the phrase "demonstrates an attitude that is wholly unacceptable to a humanitarian crisis on our doorstep". Yvette Cooper, who is chairing Labour's refugee task force, said Mr Cameron should use "much more statesmanship-like" language on such a "complex and sensitive" issue, particularly given ongoing commemorations of Holocaust victims. She got to her feet immediately after Prime Minister's Questions to raise a point of order She asked Commons Speaker John Bercow to ask Mr Cameron to "withdraw" the comment. Mr Bercow told Ms Cooper: "You speak with enormous experience in this House and I respect what you say. "I completely identify and empathise with your observations about Holocaust Memorial Day, which you and I on other occasions have marked at events together - so I take what you say extremely seriously." He ruled that it was not "disorderly" or "un-Parliamentary" but added "people will make their own assessments of this matter". The prime minister's spokesman said the government had spent Â£1.2bn to help hundreds of thousands of refugees in camps in the region and he said Labour's approach would "open the door and provide an incentive for more to come to Calais". Asked if he considered the phrase "bunch of migrants" to be pejorative the spokesman said "the PM thinks that the key thing here is getting the policy right". Mr Cameron was accused by some opponents of using the "bunch of migrants" phrase to distract attention from criticism of the Google agreement. But this was dismissed as "silly and playing cheap politics" by small business minister Anna Soubry She told BBC Radio 4's The World at One Mr Cameron had been using the "language of ordinary people", adding "we all use slang" in the heat of the moment. David Cameron insisted he has done more than any other prime minister to crack down on aggressive tax avoidance and blamed Labour for failures in collecting taxes from large multinationals. Mr Corbyn claimed Google was paying an effective tax rate of 3% - and accused the government of sending out mixed messages, with Chancellor George Osborne initially describing the deal as a "major success" before No 10 rowed back, calling it a "step forward", while, he said, London mayor Boris Johnson labelled it "derisory". Mr Cameron then went on to explain the measures the Government has put in place to tackle tax avoidance and evasion before claiming the tax rate for Google under Labour was "0%". Mr Corbyn also pointed to a series of meetings Google had had with Government ministers. "Millions of people are this week filling in their tax returns to get them in by the 31st," he said. "They have to send the form back, they do not get the option of 25 meetings with 17 ministers to decide what their rate of tax is. "Many people going to their HMRC offices or returning them online this week will say this - 'Why is there one rule for big multinational companies and another for ordinary, small businesses and self-employed workers?"' Mr Cameron brushed off the criticism by launching into an attack on all the things Labour did not stand up to, including migrants. Firstly: George Osborne risked sounded far too content when he hailed the deal as a "victory" and a "major success". Government spokesmen were reluctant to repeat his verdict. Secondly: Labour reacted quickly and managed to get a hearing. Their message sounded louder than their internal disputes, for a change. Thirdly: voters care. The perception international firms get a better deal than ordinary people is toxic. HMRC collects tax, not ministers, and the government says it has acted and got results where Labour did not. But few politicians ever caught the mood of a nation declaring themselves happy with a big business's tax return. Mr Cameron began Prime Minister's Questions by announcing that a "striking" memorial to the victims of Nazi atrocities is to be erected beside Parliament, in Victoria Tower Gardens, where a number of monuments already stand. Downing Street said an international design competition will be launched in the coming weeks and the memorial built by the end of 2017. "It will stand beside Parliament as a permanent statement of our values as a nation and will be something for our children to visit for generations to come," Mr Cameron said. "It is right that our whole country should stand together to remember the darkest hour of humanity." The SNP again challenged the prime minister to help those women born in the 1950s, affected by pension equalisation, with the party's leader at Westminster using both of his questions to press the point. He called on David Cameron to respect a Parliamentary decision to immediately introduce transitional arrangements for those women negatively impacted (the vote was non-binding and does not compel ministers to act). Mr Cameron did not address the point directly, but claimed the introduction of a single tier pension at Â£155 a week would end discrimination because "so many women retiring will get so much more in their pension". Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron is guaranteed one question at PMQs every month and he used his latest opportunity to urge the prime minister to do more to alleviate the refugee crisis facing Europe. "The only way to challenge a crisis of that magnitude is by starting working with our European colleagues at the heart of a united Europe," he said. He urged Mr Cameron to "welcome in and provide a home" to 3,000 unaccompanied children as recommended by campaigners. In response, Mr Cameron said no country in Europe had been "more generous" in supporting refugee camps in the Middle East but the UK would not be taking part in the EU's refugee relocation and resettlement schemes as it was not in its national interest.
The decision drops the German to third place, behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton and Red Bull's Max Verstappen and cuts his points lead over Hamilton to one. Mercedes were found to have gone beyond the degree permitted to help a driver solve a technical problem. They broke a rule saying: "The driver must drive the car alone and unaided." Mercedes have lodged an intention to appeal against the decision. The Formula 1 rules were changed this year to introduce restrictions on how much teams can help drivers while they are out on track. Teams are allowed to intervene if the car has a "critical problem if a failure of a component or system is imminent and potentially terminal". Race stewards found Mercedes were allowed to give Rosberg instructions on the settings he needed to resolve the problem. But they should not have responded to his subsequent question on whether he should then change gear so the car went straight through seventh gear. Rosberg's engineer Tony Ross replied to the German's information that he had a gearbox problem with the words: "Driver default 1-0-1, chassis default 0-1, chassis default 0-1. Avoid seventh gear, Nico, avoid seventh gear." Rosberg then asked: "What does that mean, I have to shift through it? Engineer: "Affirm Nico, you need to shift through it. Affirm, you need to shift through it." Both Mercedes F1 team boss Toto Wolff and his opposite number at Red Bull, Christian Horner, questioned the need for the rules restricting driver assistance. Horner said: "The rule is rubbish. It doesn't make a great deal of sense. But the rules are the rules. "The cars are technically very complex and you can understand why Mercedes would want to give that message to keep their driver running. "It's a team sport and the cars are a lot more complicated than they were even four years ago for the drivers to work out what they should and shouldn't be doing. "The question going forward is are these rules right for F1? That's a different question." Wolff, speaking before the decision to penalise Mercedes, drew parallels between this situation and one in last weekend's Austrian Grand Prix, when Force India did not tell their driver Sergio Perez that he had a critical brake problem and the Mexican crashed out on the final lap. Wolff said: "We see that those rules maybe need a re-think between the FIA and the teams to maybe go more into detail on what is allowed or not because not communicating at all, you might as well unplug the radio and throw it out of the car. It is part of driving since a long time." However, the rule is a pet project of FIA president Jean Todt and he has so far been deaf to questions about its suitability. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The 3kg (6.6lb) dog is set to become part of a search-and-rescue team used for disasters such as earthquakes. Its small size means it will be able to squeeze into places too narrow for dogs such as German Shepherds. Chihuahuas, named after a Mexican state, are one of the the smallest breeds of dog. "It's quite rare for us to have a chihuahua work as a police dog," said a police spokeswoman in Nara, western Japan. "We would like it to work hard by taking advantage of its small size." Momo, aged seven, will begin work in January.
Caretaker manager Paul Warne has been in charge of the Millers since Kenny Jackett's departure on 28 November. "Paul Warne, Matt Hamshaw and John Breckin will remain in control of the first team throughout the Christmas period," said a club statement. "The club will continue to work towards a position where we can announce a more permanent solution in early January." Rotherham, who are bottom of the table and have lost 13 of their past 15 matches, host 23rd-placed Wigan on Boxing Day and 21st-placed Burton three days later. The statement added: "Paul Warne and his staff will work closely with our new head of recruitment Jamie Johnson to indentify, and move for, targets ahead of the upcoming January transfer window." Warne has said that he does not want the job on a full-time basis. Former Wolverhampton Wanderers boss Jackett was in charge of the Millers for 39 days before offering his resignation. Rotherham have had five permanent managers and three caretakers since the start of last season, with Neil Redfearn, Neil Warnock, Alan Stubbs and Jackett all having spells in the job following Steve Evans' departure in September 2015. Eric Black was placed in temporary charge after Evans left, while Nicky Eaden was appointed caretaker-manager when Redfearn was sacked in February - although Warnock was appointed before the former Birmingham and Wigan defender had the chance to lead the team in a game.
Officers had appealed for information after it was alleged a 25-year-old was threatened with a weapon and sexually assaulted by another man on Brooms Road in the early hours of Sunday. After checking CCTV and taking witness statements, police were "satisfied no criminality has taken place". They said they were no longer looking for a suspect. Det Insp Bryan Lee said: "I would like to thank the public for their excellent response to our appeals for information and reassure them they can go about their normal routine. "Our additional patrols in the area will now also return to normal levels."
Owen Creaney, from Lurgan, was found dead on 5 July 2014. Shauneen Boyle, 25, and Stephen Thomas Hughes, 29, are jointly charged with his murder. A friend of Ms Boyle's said she received a text on Friday 4 July which said Ms Boyle was "in trouble". Mairead McGuigan told the jury at Belfast Crown Court that she later phoned Ms Boyle. "She said she got into a fight with Owen, she had went mad, she had beat a fella up after getting into an argument and she jumped on his stomach and his head. She might have said that he was in a bad way," she said. "She said there was blood all over his face. She said his face was busted open.'' Ms McGuigan said Ms Boyle phoned her about 21:00 and asked her to call round to Mr Hughes's house after work. "She asked me to bring round my hoover and my carpet cleaner as she said there was a stain on the white carpet,'' she said The witness said she called to Mr Hughes's house at Moyraverty Court, Craigavon, about 21:35 and told a prosecution barrister that she took a seat on the sofa in the living next to Ms Boyle while Mr Hughes remained standing in front of them. "They were drinking. Shauneen said: 'I got into a fight with Owen Creaney over my dad'," she Ms McGuigan said. "Stephen said nothing. I asked him why he didn't break it up. He said he was afraid and said he had got his blinds broken." She told the court she was about to leave when she heard noises coming from upstairs and realised Mr Creaney was up there. Ms Boyle told her he had been sleeping for 28 hours and was drunk after consuming alcohol. Ms McGuigan followed the pair upstairs and saw Mr Creaney lying on a sofa. "He was making funny breathing noises, like heavy breathing. Shauneen said he was sleeping. He was like bruised with yellow bruising. There was foam coming out of his mouth," she said. "I told them to get the police, that this man has a broken rib. Shauneen said Stephen was afraid of the police coming to the house. I said he definitely has a broken rib and she said Owen had drank a litre of vodka and was lying sleeping.'' She told the court that the pair told her they had showered Mr Creaney following the fight to "to try and bring him round" and had changed him and washed his clothes.' Ms McGuigan left the property and told a male friend what had happened. She said she was in contact with Ms Boyle the following morning. Ms McGuigan said she asked Ms Boyle about Mr Creaney, to which she replied: "He is dead.'' I said: 'Get that man to the hospital now.'' "Shauneen said: 'It's too late. There is nothing more we can do for him'. But I don't think she was telling the truth.'' She said that during the phone call, she overheard a conversation between the pair talking about an "empty wheelie bin". Ms Boyle's lawyer asked Ms McGuigan if she remembered getting a text on the Saturday morning in which his client had denied the murder.  She said she did not. Both Ms Boyle, from Edenderry Park, Banbridge, and Mr Hughes, whose address was given as HMP Maghaberry deny the charges.
These aren't real products, of course, but an art project poking fun at Asia's obsession with beauty and its propensity for conspicuous consumption. The display was created by the inaugural cohort of Singapore-based graduates of the Glasgow School of Art, which set up its first overseas campus here in 2011. The Scottish arts institution is looking to expand its course offerings over the next few years and aims to help develop the city-state's creative scene. "We hope that we can use this platform and build relationships with other parts of the region using it as a hub," said its director, Tom Inns. "To be an international art schools you've got to understand how the world works in terms of regions and different thinking and different cultures. "It is only by being there that you can only really begin to understand that. You can't understand that from a distance." But if the experience of the last foreign creative arts school to open up in Singapore is anything to go by, there may be some challenges ahead. This summer, the editing labs and sound engineering stations at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in Asia will fall silent for good. The campus, set upon three-acres of prime property in central Singapore, is closing less than 10 years after opening due to millions of dollars of debts. NYU still operates two degree-granting, liberal arts research university campuses in Abu Dhabi and Shanghai. "Despite its significant creative success, the Tisch Asia campus failed to become financially sustainable," says a university statement. John Beckman, vice president for public affairs at New York University said that reflecting back, they had "learned a number of lessons" from their experience. "Academically and artistically, the Tisch Asia campus was a tremendous success," he said. "But academic excellence is also expensive". "We were too optimistic about prospective enrolments both internationally and locally, the latter of which has been pivotal to many global academic initiatives. "We operate on the principle that we will not direct money from the campus in New York to sustain global operations, we should have factored in a greater degree of support needed beyond tuition, especially in the critical start-up years." Mr Beckman added that Tisch Asia "as a relatively small, independent graduate arts conservatory, was an ambitious enterprise". "The general lesson we learned was that it would have been better to have developed such a significant project as part of - and not separate from - our university-wide global efforts." The closure was not just a high-profile and expensive failure for the school, but for the Singapore government, which had invited them to set up here in 2007. However, Tisch Asia is not alone. In recent years, Australia's University of New South Wales, the University of Las Vegas Nevada and Warwick University have all exited, mostly due to financial reasons. Singapore used to publicise its aim of becoming a global education hub, saying it hoped the sector would ultimately contribute up to 5% of its gross domestic product (GDP). More stories from the BBC's Knowledge economy series looking at education from a global perspective and how to get in touch The Economic Development Board (EDB), which seeks to bring investments to Singapore, launched the "Global Schoolhouse" project in 2002. The scheme saw it offer millions of dollars in grants and subsidies to attract top names here. In many ways, it has been quite a success. French business school INSEAD has been operating its satellite campus. American Ivy League university Yale also launched here, despite some controversy. But following the high-profile failure of Tisch Asia and other foreign universities, it seems the government has changed its tune about attracting more entrants. Alvin Tan, the EDB's assistant managing director of corporate development, says that in recent years the local higher education provision has increased in "diversity and quality" and he talks of any future incoming institutions as being a "complement" to strong local options. A university's future in Singapore doesn't only come down to financial considerations, however. The University of Chicago's Booth School of Business decided to relocate its campus from Singapore to Hong Kong in order to be situated closer to the China market. William Kooser, the associate dean of global outreach at the University of Chicago said their lease in Singapore was expiring this year and that their strategy came up for review. "There are a couple of things that schools need to understand before they decide to go overseas," said Mr Kooser. "One is that it's not easy. It is not simply a matter of duplicating what you do in the United States and plopping it into another city. "Two, you need to understand what it is you are trying to get out of the programme. Is it simply trying to create revenue? Or is it something beyond that? "If it is simply to create revenue, if you don't to meet your revenue targets, it's easy to pull out. If you are trying to achieve something else you are typically in it for the longer haul." Singapore is regularly cited for its high quality of life, political stability, low-tax environment and ease of doing business. However, the city-state's rising cost of living has led to major issues for both foreign universities and students. It is the most expensive country in the world, according to an annual survey by the Economist Intelligence Unit. Singapore's booming property prices and strong currency has also translated into high rent and tuition fees. Then there is the question of getting a job after graduation. Singapore's labour market has tightened over the last few years, making it harder for foreigners to get job here. One year after the Glasgow School of Art's first graduation ceremony, another group of students are preparing their final year projects. It is a sweltering hot day and they are on campus despite it being a school holiday, listening to pop music while painting large wooden panels. Their enthusiasm is clear. But like so many students at Tisch, the future of their campus may ultimately come down to dollars and cents.
Baroness Morgan said Labour is in a serious situation if it cannot reconnect with working class communities. She said there "probably was an element" of Labour's Remain campaign starting too late. "A lot of us were exhausted", she told BBC Radio Wales. Senior Welsh Labour sources have privately said they were wary of talking about Brexit before the assembly election in case it drove Eurosceptic supporters towards UKIP. Plaid leader no longer ruling out coalition with Labour AMs to have say on Brexit deal, says Welsh Tory leader Corbyn's Labour set for heavy losses, says Stephen Kinnock Asked if Labour's Remain campaign started too late, she told the Eye on Wales programme: "I think there probably was an element of that. "And don't forget in Wales we had the assembly elections where people were not talking about the European Union. We were focused absolutely on those assembly elections." She added: "I think it was a mistake not to be talking about the European referendum in those assembly elections." Wales voted 52.5% to 47.5% for Brexit. Only five counting areas voted to Remain. The strongest Leave votes were in Torfaen (60%) and Blaenau Gwent (62%) - two traditional Labour strongholds in the south Wales valleys. The Welsh government has a programme to "re-energise" communities that voted to Leave, much of which would have been funded by EU money, Baroness Morgan said. "The question for us now is how on Earth do we reorganise the economy without that European funding?" she asked. "Unless we find a way to reconnect with that working class element within our communities then I think the Labour party is in a serious situation in future". Labour won 29 seats at May's assembly election - a better result than many expected - but lost 7.6% of its share of the vote on the constituency ballot. Earlier, on BBC Sunday Politics Wales, Baroness Morgan said Carwyn Jones was "absolutely, without question" the right man to lead Welsh Labour.
The 41-year-old has recorded 696 home runs, putting him fourth on the Major League Baseball all-time list. He was given a 162-game ban for doping in January 2014, meaning he missed the entire 2014 season. Rodriguez's final game will be at Yankee Stadium against the Tampa Bay Rays and he will then take on an advisor role at the club. He helped the Yankees win the World Series in 2009 and was voted the American League's Most Valuable Player in 2003, 2005 and 2007. "This is a tough day. I love this game and I love this team and today I am saying goodbye to both," Rodriguez said. "This is also a proud day. I was 18 when I broke into the big leagues and I never thought I would play for 22 years. "No player ends their career the way they want to, we all want to keep playing forever but it doesn't work that way. Accepting the end gracefully is part of being a professional athlete. "I want to thank the fans for letting me play the game I love."
A tumultuous year in senior management, continuing into the start of this year, required revisions to the accounts. Several directors left and the chief executive, who is scheduled to leave, is no longer receiving a bonus. The accounts do not give detail of what went wrong, though the boardroom rows were well publicised in the media. However, the report to Companies House indicates the company has lost out from the drop in energy prices, buying its fuel in advance of the sharp drop in oil market. In a statement with the accounts, the directors stated: "The group has faced significant operating and cost pressures. "We anticipate that these cost pressures will remain in 2015 and we will remain proactive in seeking to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures". Lothian Buses revenue in 2014 was up by 2.3% to Â£135m. Pre-tax profits fell from Â£11.7m to Â£10.1m. The company is owned mainly by City of Edinburgh Council, with small stakes held by neighbouring Lothian councils. It owns more than 650 buses, and carries more than two million passengers each week. The numbers transported were up in 2014 by 2.6% to a total of 118 million.
"I tried to run away but my mother said she would kill herself if I did not marry him." "I was not mature physically or emotionally so it was not easy for me to go and sleep with my husband." She had never met her bridegroom, 18-year-old Gedefaw Mengistu, before their wedding day. "I knew she was too young. I was in grade five but my father died and I was forced to stop school, get married and keep the family going," Mr Gedefaw told the BBC. The couple live in Ethiopia's Amhara Region - an impoverished rural farming area where half of all girls are married before they turn 15. "It's quite shattering to have met people who were married off," Archbishop Desmond Tutu told the BBC on a visit to the area. "In one case the husband was eight and the supposed wife was seven. I mean you want to say it's abominable," he said. The South African Nobel Peace Prize winner may have recently announced his retirement from public life but he is out fighting injustice again as one of the Elders - the group of eminent global leaders brought together by South Africa's former President Nelson Mandela. "I wasn't aware of the extent of the problem - and it is just fantastic that things are taking a turn for the better and incredibly so," he said. The archbishop was referring to the impact of government-led programmes in several dozen villages in the region which focus on delaying marriage. In this area, the lure of a bride price causes many families to push for early weddings. But there is another reason. "Fear of abduction is also a factor," said Alemseged Weldegerima from the Ethiopian government's Bureau of Women, Children and Youth Affairs. "We will try to stop abduction, not by using the police, but by increasing the awareness of the people." Beside a small eucalyptus plantation Archbishop Tutu was sharing a low wooden bench with two Elders who have broken the mould; the first woman to be president of Ireland, Mary Robinson, and the former prime minister of Norway, and ex-head of the World Health Organization, Gro Brundtland. They listened to young unmarried girls with big dreams, as well as women who had no chance of getting an education after being married off at a young age. Abay Asnakew is 12 and she has her life all mapped out. "When I finish my high school I will join university; I'll complete my BA degree and get a job and help my family. Then if my partner has a degree too then I will marry him," she says. "So what job do you want to do?" I asked. "Prime minister," she replied without hesitation.  Look out Meles Zenawi! Abay has joined a girls' club known as Berhane Hewan - Amharic for "Light for Eve". She has learnt about issues which have prepared her to resist early marriage; personal health, HIV/Aids, and the medical complications associated with giving birth at a young age, like fistula. Female circumcision is also discussed and in the 36 villages where the clubs have been set up, I am told fewer girls are now getting cut. Beside the road several boys are playing table football. They seem to welcome the idea of delaying marriage. "You can't afford to run a family when you're too young," said 20-year-old Tazab, who has no plans to wed any time soon. "Also it's bad for a girl's health to have children too early," he says. In a rectangular mud-walled building which serves as a meeting hall and classroom for the Berhane Hewan participants, I met 15-year-old Serkaddis Assefa. "Because of the Berhane Hewan programme I know about the issue of early marriage. If I hadn't joined, I might have been married off already," she said. Sitting alongside was her mother, Enguday Assefa, whose forth child was fast asleep on her back. Around Ms Enguday's neck was part of her dowry payment; a coin bearing the face of Ethiopia's last emperor, Haile Selassie, and another of Queen Taitu, wife of the monarch Menelik II who died in 1913. "I still feel bad when I think about my friends who now have jobs and have reached different positions," said Ms Enguday, who was forced to quit school and was already married with a child by the age of  15. For the Elders, the behavioural change which has only happened in the last five years is worth celebrating. "When Nelson Mandela brought us together at our first planning meeting he did say to us: 'Be bold, talk to those whom others won't talk to, be on the side of the most deprived, the most isolated, the most undervalued in society,'" recalls Mrs Robinson. "And in many ways those young girls, brides and mothers are very undervalued by their community and have very little sense of self-worth so the issue of child marriage, as far as I'm concerned, is a very good way of having an entry point into the effect of poverty. "The effect of a lack of equality within communities, the effect of harmful traditional practices on the community - the effect of all the things that the Elders should be championing." Berhane Hewan started off with 700 girls and at its peak reached around 12,000 - just a small fraction of the vulnerable population. While considered to be a successful initiative, the programme will need to be scaled up significantly to make a major difference in Ethiopia. For the first time the girls here are starting to shape their own destinies. The hope among the Elders is that lessons from Ethiopia's Amhara Region can be applied to other parts of the world where child marriage is common, like India.
However, Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Greenock Morton were knocked out despite winning and finishing second in their groups. Inverness beat Forfar 2-1 and Morton were 5-0 winners over Edinburgh City. Elsewhere, St Mirren beat Airdrieonians 5-0, Falkirk defeated Brechin City 3-0, Motherwell edged Berwick Rangers 1-0 and Raith Rovers beat Cowdenbeath 2-0. Falkirk, Motherwell and Thistle's group rivals Livingston had already secured second-round places as group winners while St Mirren, Airdrie, Brechin, Berwick, Raith and Cowden were unable to go through before playing their final group games. In Group H, Premiership Partick Thistle were kept out by League One Stranraer until the 87th minute when Elliott struck from inside the box. Thistle had beaten St Mirren 5-0 last Saturday and the Buddies recovered from that loss by putting five goals past Airdrieonians in Paisley. Former Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith and ex-Hearts forward Gavin Reilly each scored twice for Jack Ross' side and Lewis Morgan got their fifth. In Group A, top side Falkirk went ahead through Lee Miller's strike with Joe McKee and Alex Harris also on target against Brechin City. Inverness CT went behind against Forfar Athletic when Marc Scott shot home but strikes in quick succession by George Oakley and John Baird turned the match in the Highlanders' favour. In Group F, Motherwell had to wait until the 82nd minute to get in front of visitors Berwick Rangers, Elliott Frear netting after goalkeeper Robby McCrorie palmed out Chris Cadden's cross. And at Cappielow, Bob McHugh and Robert Thomson got two each and Jai Quitongo also netted for Greenock Morton against Edinburgh City. In Group C, Raith Rovers scored twice in the first half against Cowdenbeath, Lewis Vaughan and Liam Buchanan on target.
Police were alerted to an incident in Coilte Cresent in the Highland village at about 22:00 on Sunday. A man wearing dark clothing and carrying what appeared to be a gun entered the house and demanded money from the homeowner, police said. A man was later arrested in Cumbria and has been assisting officers investigating the incident. A four-figure sum of money was stolen from the house in Drumnadrochit's Kilmore area. Police Scotland said: "A high visibility police presence remains in area at this time to provide reassurance to the local community. "Police are keen to hear from members of the public who may have seen any suspicious activity in the area prior to the incident. "In addition, officers would like to hear from anyone who may have seen a silver VW Passat in the area earlier that day."
The 2015 winner has raced just twice since that victory and missed the King George VI Chase on Boxing Day. "I'm afraid it's not going to happen, which is a real shame," said Bradstock, the wife of trainer Mark. "When you have a horse like this you must not take any risks and there is no point going there half-baked." She added: "He has just niggled the bone - he is still walking at the moment, but we must not take a risk as these niggling things can turn into fractures. "We will not rush him and we will make sure he is fine before he comes back." Bradstock said she hoped to see the 10-year-old race at the Punchestown Gold Cup in Ireland on 26 April but could not guarantee he would make the Bowl Chase at Aintree on 6 April. Coneygree last raced after a year out with a hock injury at Haydock in November, impressing as runner-up to Cue Card. "He ran a great race at Haydock, but he might have been feeling this coming on," said Bradstock. "He has no miles on the clock and I'm hoping he can become a veteran record-breaker and a novice record-breaker. "He is in very good nick, mentally, and is full of himself."
Mr Duterte clarified that he had "nothing against gays", saying several of his relatives were homosexual. The controversial politician had previously appeared supportive of LGBTQ rights, saying in 2015 that same-sex marriage was "good". But he is otherwise known for his conservative views especially on crime. He has waged a much-criticised war on drug users and dealers leading to thousands of extra-judicial killings. His latest remarks were made on Sunday night to Filipino expatriates in the Burmese capital of Nay Pyi Taw while on an official trip to Myanmar. A transcript of the speech was only given to journalists on Monday. In a meandering speech addressing criticism of his now-suspended war on drugs, Mr Duterte accused the West of imposing its values on the Philippines, then referred to a recent Time magazine story on the transgender community in the US. "There is no gender because you can be a he or she... That's their culture. It does not apply to us. We are Catholics and there is the Civil Code, which says that you can only marry a woman for me... a woman to marry a man. "That's our law so why would you accept that gender?" he said. "Wherever God placed you, just remain there. Do not mix it upâ€¦ You erase the great divide between a woman and a man," he added. Before becoming president in June 2016, Mr Duterte was the mayor of Davao city, which introduced anti-discrimination laws for sex, gender and sexual orientation during his administration. In 2015, Mr Duterte appeared on a national talk show where he said same-sex marriage was "good... everyone deserves to be happy". The following year, while campaigning for the presidency, he said he would "consider" legalising same-sex marriage if there was such a proposal. The Philippines has 80 million Catholics and remains a deeply religious society. Mr Duterte has taken issue with the church previously, once calling the Pope a "son of a whore". Despite his many controversial comments he still remains highly popular in the Philippines.
One hundred tracks by artists including Ben Howard, Kendrick Lamar and SBTRKT have been shortlisted with voting open until 9pm on 27 November. Lana Del Rey, You Me At Six and Eminem also feature on the list. Zane will count down from 100 to one between 1 to 4 December. The 1975, whose track Chocolate topped the poll in 2013, also appear in this year's list with their track Medicine. Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High? by Arctic Monkeys and Shadow Moses by Bring Me the Horizon completed the top three last year. Ed Sheeran's Sing and Stay With Me by Sam Smith, which both went to number one in the UK, also appear on this year's shortlist. Gecko (Overdrive) by Oliver Heldens and Becky Hill and Clean Bandit's Rather Be, which also topped the chart, feature in this year's top 100 too. Mercury Prize nominees Bombay Bicycle Club, FKA Twigs, Royal Blood, Jungle and Nick Mulvey all appear as well. Voting for the 100 Hottest Records is limited to one per person, full terms and conditions can be found on the Radio 1 website. Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool would have drawn level on points with leaders Manchester City with a fifth successive Premier League victory, but were subdued by a classic Jose Mourinho performance of defensive organisation and discipline. United did not allow Liverpool to build the momentum and intensity that has characterised their game this season, while Mourinho's limited attacking ambitions ensured chances were at a premium. The Portuguese was still grateful for two fine second-half saves from goalkeeper David de Gea, who dived low to stop Emre Can and saved athletically from Philippe Coutinho's 25-yard effort. United's best chance also came in the second half, but the unmarked Zlatan Ibrahimovic directed Paul Pogba's cross off target. The visitors had just 35% of possession - their lowest in a Premier League match since Opta began recording the data in 2003-04. Media playback is not supported on this device While this deadlock does little for the ambitions of both teams, there is no doubt who will be the happier manager. This was, in so many respects, the most Mourinho performance of his short time at United. Klopp came on to the pitch at the final whistle to applaud Liverpool's fans, but there was a tinge of disappointment in his measured tread as he trudged off. His side's promising start to the season has been built on pressing opponents into submission - a high-pressure style that has brought victories at Arsenal and Chelsea, as well as nine goals in two home wins against Leicester City and Hull City. But Mourinho picked a powerful, athletic side and instructed them to turn the tables on Liverpool's pressing game. Ander Herrera was at the heart of United's smothering gameplan, almost operating in the pockets of Coutinho and Roberto Firmino in midfield, while Liverpool were never given a second. They simply could not find a way through. United held their shape and discipline, much to their manager's satisfaction, although he still needed those two superb saves from De Gea, and a magnificent saving tackle from Antonio Valencia to stop Firmino as he raced in on goal. It was classic Mourinho, a tactic he has perfected and utilised throughout his career, and Anfield's increasing anger and frustration will have been music to his ears. This match should have been the perfect stage for the £89m Pogba - but once again he was a peripheral figure. The world's most expensive player was used in a more advanced role and is certainly on the same wavelength as Ibrahimovic, delivering a perfect cross which the Swede should have converted. In other aspects, though, he operated on the margins of the game and failed to exert the influence expected of a player of his quality and experience. United will expect much more as the season goes on. Anthony Taylor was the man in the middle in every sense after the heat generated by the appointment of the Manchester-based official for a meeting between these two fierce rivals. Mourinho said the appointment made it "difficult" for Taylor, and put him under pressure - comments being investigated by the Football Association - while former referee Keith Hackett even suggested it represented a risk to his and his family's safety. It certainly increased the scrutiny on Taylor, who felt the wrath of The Kop within minutes - complete with colourful reminders about his place of residence - when he did not book Marcus Rashford for a foul on James Milner. It was to the official's credit that he did not buckle in the atmosphere, kept discipline without resorting to a rash of yellow cards, and controlled a game that always has explosive potential. Media playback is not supported on this device Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp: "I am not frustrated but I am not happy with the performance. No-one will show this game in 10 or 20 years but we could have played better. "It was a hectic game, interrupted here and there, but we lost patience with our passing game. The attitude of my team was really good. We were ready to fight but when you can play better, you have to. "The kind of defence is difficult to play. The man-marking is really difficult, they are stronger than us. We wasted energy in the first half for nothing. The second half was better and with fresher legs in second half we could have created more." Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho: "It is not the result we wanted but it is a positive result. It is a result that stops a direct opponent getting three points at home, so not a bad result. "The game was difficult for both teams but for longer periods it was more difficult for them than us. "We controlled the game not just tactically but the emotion of the game. That was probably the quietest Anfield I had and I was expecting it to be the other way. "It was a positive performance." Media playback is not supported on this device Former Wales midfielder Robbie Savage on BBC Radio 5 live: "Liverpool have not played well tonight and United have done a job. "It is the first points that Liverpool have dropped at Anfield. Mourinho has done his job. "He got a point so it was the right thing to do. They lost a few games this season and have come to Liverpool and got a draw, so you have to say job done. "But in an attacking sense they offered nothing." United are next in action when they host Fenerbahce in the Europa League on Thursday (20:05 BST) before returning to Premier League action at Mourinho's former club Chelsea on Sunday (16:00 BST). Liverpool host West Brom in the 17:30 BST Premier League match on Saturday. Match ends, Liverpool 0, Manchester United 0. Second Half ends, Liverpool 0, Manchester United 0. Substitution, Manchester United. Luke Shaw replaces Ashley Young. Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Adam Lallana (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United). Foul by Jordan Henderson (Liverpool). Paul Pogba (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Emre Can (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Manchester United). Dejan Lovren (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Manchester United). Substitution, Liverpool. Alberto Moreno replaces James Milner. Substitution, Liverpool. Divock Origi replaces Roberto Firmino. Attempt blocked. Nathaniel Clyne (Liverpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by James Milner with a cross. Sadio Mané (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Paul Pogba (Manchester United). Attempt missed. Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Daley Blind with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Manchester United. Conceded by Emre Can. Attempt missed. Emre Can (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Attempt blocked. Nathaniel Clyne (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Philippe Coutinho. Substitution, Manchester United. Wayne Rooney replaces Marcus Rashford. Offside, Manchester United. Marouane Fellaini tries a through ball, but Zlatan Ibrahimovic is caught offside. Offside, Liverpool. Adam Lallana tries a through ball, but Roberto Firmino is caught offside. Attempt blocked. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match James Milner (Liverpool) because of an injury. Delay in match Marcus Rashford (Manchester United) because of an injury. Foul by Joel Matip (Liverpool). Chris Smalling (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by David de Gea. Attempt saved. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Emre Can. Foul by Emre Can (Liverpool). Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Sadio Mané (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Daley Blind (Manchester United). Foul by Roberto Firmino (Liverpool). Chris Smalling (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Chris Smalling.
Deaf and blind people face a situation that is "still grim", according to charities Action on Hearing Loss Cymru, RNIB Cymru and Sense Cymru. New standards were introduced by the Welsh government over a year ago aimed at ensuring equal access to healthcare. But the report says little progress has been made. Richard Williams, director of Action on Hearing Loss Cymru said the charities that authored the report are "really concerned" that people are leaving surgeries and hospitals unclear about what doctors have told them, what medication they need or whether operations have been successful. New standards were brought in after a BBC Wales investigation in 2013 found health boards were breaching equality laws by not providing accessible services for the deaf and hard of hearing. But 91 per cent of people surveyed for the report said they were not aware of improvements in the way healthcare providers communicate and share information with them. Kay Coleman from Swansea began losing her hearing 15 years ago and said she finds it "incredibly difficult" to book a doctor's appointment. An estimated 500,000 people are affected by hearing loss and 100,000 are living with sight loss in Wales. In a statement the Welsh government said it is "committed to ensuring the standards are fully implemented" and it is working with relevant bodies "to establish how best to capture and record communication preferences for those with sensory loss to ensure their needs are fully met in every healthcare setting".
Goals from Zlatko Junuzovic, Florian Grillitsch and Florian Kainz condemned second-placed Leipzig to their second successive league defeat. Bayern can extend their 10-point lead when they travel to Borussia Monchengladbach on Sunday. Borussia Dortmund closed the gap on Leipzig to three points with Friday's 1-0 win at Ingolstadt. Hoffenheim are a point further back, and boosted their chances of a Champions League place with a 1-0 win over Bayer Leverkusen. Having begun their first Bundesliga season with a record 13-match unbeaten run, Leipzig's title challenge has collapsed following four defeats in seven games, taking just seven points. Elsewhere, French striker Anthony Modeste scored a hat-trick as Cologne beat fifth-placed Hertha Berlin, to take his league total to 22 for the season. At the other end of the table, a Mario Gomez goal moved Wolfsburg out of the bottom three with a 1-0 win over bottom club Darmstadt. Match ends, SV Werder Bremen 3, RB Leipzig 0. Second Half ends, SV Werder Bremen 3, RB Leipzig 0. Attempt blocked. Aron Jóhannsson (SV Werder Bremen) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Fin Bartels. Goal!  SV Werder Bremen 3, RB Leipzig 0. Florian Kainz (SV Werder Bremen) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal following a fast break. Attempt saved. Aron Jóhannsson (SV Werder Bremen) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Fin Bartels. Substitution, SV Werder Bremen. Florian Kainz replaces Florian Grillitsch. Attempt missed. Dayotchanculle Upamecano (RB Leipzig) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Emil Forsberg with a cross following a corner. Corner,  RB Leipzig. Conceded by Niklas Moisander. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Marcel Halstenberg (RB Leipzig) because of an injury. Robert Bauer (SV Werder Bremen) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Marcel Halstenberg (RB Leipzig) wins a free kick on the right wing. Dangerous play by Robert Bauer (SV Werder Bremen). Corner,  RB Leipzig. Conceded by Milos Veljkovic. Marcel Halstenberg (RB Leipzig) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Theodor Gebre Selassie (SV Werder Bremen). Substitution, SV Werder Bremen. Maximilian Eggestein replaces Thomas Delaney. Offside, RB Leipzig. Stefan Ilsanker tries a through ball, but Emil Forsberg is caught offside. Substitution, RB Leipzig. Oliver Burke replaces Benno Schmitz. Foul by Davie Selke (RB Leipzig). Thomas Delaney (SV Werder Bremen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Benno Schmitz (RB Leipzig) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Robert Bauer (SV Werder Bremen). Emil Forsberg (RB Leipzig) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Thomas Delaney (SV Werder Bremen). Corner,  SV Werder Bremen. Conceded by Stefan Ilsanker. Substitution, SV Werder Bremen. Aron Jóhannsson replaces Claudio Pizarro. Foul by Diego Demme (RB Leipzig). Theodor Gebre Selassie (SV Werder Bremen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Davie Selke (RB Leipzig) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Thomas Delaney (SV Werder Bremen). Corner,  SV Werder Bremen. Conceded by Willi Orban. Foul by Stefan Ilsanker (RB Leipzig). Florian Grillitsch (SV Werder Bremen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Marcel Sabitzer (RB Leipzig) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Timo Werner. Stefan Ilsanker (RB Leipzig) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Lamine Sané (SV Werder Bremen). Corner,  SV Werder Bremen. Conceded by Dayotchanculle Upamecano. Attempt saved. Marcel Sabitzer (RB Leipzig) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Emil Forsberg. Foul by Diego Demme (RB Leipzig).
The 48-year-old man suffered a suspected heart attack five minutes into the second half of Kilmarnock's home match against Hibernian. Paramedics and medical staff from both clubs treated the man until an ambulance arrived at Rugby Park stadium and he was taken to a nearby hospital. Both managers agreed to abandon the match out of respect for the fan. The stadium was hushed into silence when medical staff and club doctors attended the stricken fan in the west stand. The referee then stopped the match with the teams drawing 1-1. Players left the pitch as the gravity of the situation became evident. Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston said: "The length of time the players were off the park was a problem but the overriding factor was respect for the fan and his family. "He collapsed and was tended to by medical staff of both clubs and was taken to Crosshouse Hospital by ambulance." He added that he could not reveal any more information about the fan's identity other than to say he was a long-standing season-ticket holder Later, a Police Scotland spokesman said the man died in hospital. Kilmarnock manager Kenny Shiels pointed out that it was the third time he had been present at such an incident while manager at the Rugby Park side. In March 2012, midfielder Liam Kelly's father died following the Ayrshire side's League Cup final win over Celtic. A month later, an Inverness Caledonian Thistle fan died during that club's visit to Rugby Park.
The on-loan Fleetwood Town striker picked up the accolade after a string of impressive performances for the Ton. "I'm delighted. To be picked ahead of Hibs or Rangers players who have played so well is a big thing," he said. The 21-year old has been used in a more advanced midfield role this season to accommodate team-mate Denny Johnstone up front for the Greenock club. McManus is in his second loan spell at Cappielow. Following last season's League One success, he admits things are a lot more difficult at Championship level. "I've only been back here since January but I'm enjoying every minute," he continued. "We've been getting good results and teams like Rangers and Hibs haven't found it easy against us. "There are better players in this league, better teams. "I've played more of an attacking midfield role this season and I've tried to fill in for the team more so the gaffer's happy with me. "I've still got a few goals and a few assists so I'm happy all round. I hope now to just keep it up." Last month McManus scored once against Alloa in a 2-2 draw and a brace in a 3-2 defeat by Raith Rovers, both matches away from home.
Pensions currently rise by the highest of inflation, average earnings or 2.5%. There have been warnings over the cost of the lock, and the government says it will review it after 2020. Shadow Treasury minister Rebecca Long-Bailey said this caused "uncertainty and worry", pledging to protect it "throughout the lifetime of the next Parliament", due to end in 2025. Speaking during Treasury questions in the Commons, Chancellor Philip Hammond said it was responsible for the government to decide which commitments it can afford to keep at a spending review before the end of Parliament. Attacking Labour's pledge, he added: "I think it tells us everything we need to know about the Opposition - that three-and-a-half years out they're willing to spray around commitments without any idea of what it's going to cost them." During last week's Autumn Statement Mr Hammond said the triple lock would be maintained until 2020 but suggested it would then be reviewed. There have been calls for it to be scrapped, including from former pensions minister Baroness Altmann, who said the costs would become "enormous" after 2020, and the previous work and pensions secretary, Stephen Crabb. Speaking after Treasury Questions, shadow chancellor John McDonnell accused the Conservatives of "abandoning older people" by not guaranteeing to continue the pledge. He added: "Labour will support the pensions triple lock and instead of cutting taxes for the super-rich and giant corporations will make sure our NHS and social care is properly funded."
The proposals are the brain child of Swiss businessman turned politician Thomas Minder, who runs a small family company producing natural cosmetics. Mr Minder wants shareholders to have a veto over managers' salaries, and to ban golden handshakes altogether. The "fat cat initiative", as it has come to be called, would, if approved, be written into the Swiss constitution, and would apply to all Swiss companies listed on Switzerland's stock exchange. Mr Minder, an outspoken man, says the culture of high salaries and high bonuses in Switzerland has got out of hand, pointing to the fact that huge sums have been paid out even when the companies concerned were doing badly. The bankruptcy of national icon Swissair back in 2001, and the subsequent huge payoffs to its failed boss Mario Corti, were the catalyst to Mr Minder's decision to act. "That really stuck in my throat," he told Swiss television. "It made me absolutely furious. "I'm still furious today, to think that a chief executive like Mr Corti could get five years' salary to go. I mean, the company was in a disastrous situation. At the end he wasn't even paying its bills. Swissair went bankrupt. The company doesn't exist anymore." Salaries for Swiss top managers are higher than most and their taxes are lower. These two things alone would not necessarily anger most voters, however. What has attracted support for Mr Minder's initiative has been a series of perceived disasters for major Swiss companies, coupled with salaries and bonuses staying high. The main example is banking giant UBS, which wrote off billions in the wake of the 2007 sub-prime mortgage crisis, and then had to be bailed out by the Swiss government. After that, the bank lost more billions because of a rogue trader, and announced thousands of redundancies. But high salaries and bonuses for the bank's top managers continued throughout. "The fat cats are getting fattest in the banks," says Edouard Dommen of the Swiss shareholders group Actares. "The other companies are getting fat, but not quite so grossly." Mr Dommen, who supports the new measures, believes voters are especially angry about UBS, because their own tax money had to be spent to bail out the bank. "People are fed up," he says. "They know that this is at their expense. "Small people had to dig into their own pockets to bail out these banks, and then see people, some of whom turned out to be literally crooks, walk off with their money, so of course they are angry." If passed, the measures would give Switzerland some of the strictest laws on executive pay in the world, far tougher than the limit on bonuses just approved by the European Union. Both the Swiss government and Swiss business leaders have been campaigning against the measures. The government says it understands that voters want some control over high salaries and has offered a milder alternative, but so far this seems to have attracted little interest. Meanwhile the Swiss Business Association has been arguing that the measures would undermine Switzerland's ability to compete. "Certainly, it will damage our competitiveness," says the association's deputy head of competition and regulation, Meinrad Vetter. "We are against this initiative because it violates Switzerland as a business location. "It's not good if the corporation law is too strict and too rigid in comparison to other countries, and with this initiative we will be an island in corporate governance all over the world." Business leaders have argued that some of Switzerland's biggest companies might simply leave, if they were unable to attract top quality managers because they were not allowed to pay them what they wanted. For the pharmaceutical giant Novartis, such a move might actually be quite easy. The company's current headquarters is in Basel, within sight of both the German and French borders. Concerns over loss of competitiveness, and fears that Swiss companies might emigrate, did at first seem to be striking a chord with voters. But one event, caused ironically by Novartis itself, seems to have changed a lot of minds. In February of this year it was announced that Novartis' outgoing chairman Daniel Vasella would be receiving a 72m Swiss francs (Â£51m; $78m) "non-compete" pay off over six years, designed to stop him working for other related industries. There was amazement and anger in Switzerland. Mr Vasella's salary had been regarded by many as excessively high for some time. Meanwhile, Novartis had been cutting jobs. "I thought this was absolutely astonishing," says Mr Dommen, a man who doesn't mince his words. "He is an idiot. I say he's an idiot because given this vote is coming up, to do something so grossly provocative at that moment just guaranteed that the opposition was going to win." The payment was scrapped in response to protests. And indeed, the latest opinion polls seem to reflect that, showing that 64% of voters will say yes to the "fat cat initiative". Mr Dommen does not believe a yes vote will isolate Switzerland. Instead, he says, it would bring his country into line with public opinion across Europe. "Times are changing throughout Europe," he says. "The period when people could get away with these enormous salaries is going out of fashion. "In Switzerland we are not on a different planet - it's going out of fashion here too. Most Swiss voters think something has to change." Opinion polls have been wrong in the past, of course, but all the signs are that on Sunday, Switzerland's fat cats will have to start tightening their belts.
The world champion, who won all three titles from the Russian by a controversial points decision in their first bout, is unbeaten in 32 fights. The American wobbled Kovalev with a right hand in the eighth and finished him off with a series of body shots. Kovalev said he was hit by a low blow, adding that he wanted another rematch. "He's a great fighter, not a lot of people are going to beat him," said 33-year-old Ward, who has 16 knockouts from his 32 bouts. "But when you are facing a great fighter you have to raise your game to the next level. "I hurt him with a head shot and I just had to get the right shot in to finish him." Kovalev started strongly before Ward came back into the fight at the Mandalay Bay Hotel. Referee Tony Weeks then stopped the fight with 31 seconds in the eighth with Kovalev, 34, kneeling down. "It was a low blow, again another one," said Kovalev. "We are boxers. I could still continue. Why stop the fight?"
The decree, or fatwa, was passed on Sunday by a group of clerics. It said that according to Islam transgender people with "visible signs" of being male or female may marry someone of the opposite sex. But those with "visible signs of both genders" may not marry, it said. The 50 clerics, part of the little-known Tanzeem Ittehad-i-Ummat body based in Lahore, also said any act intended to "humiliate, insult or tease" transgender individuals should be considered a crime under Islam. The fatwa is not legally binding in any way. "We are glad that somebody's talked about us too," transgender rights worker Almas Bobby told BBC Urdu. "By Sharia we already had the right [to marry], but unless measures are taken to remove the misconceptions about us in society, the condition of our community will not be changed." Another social worker for gender issues told BBC Urdu that it was a "good step", but that issues would remain until transgender marriage was officially legitimised. Qamar Nasim said that many police officers had charged people in transgender marriages because "due to a lack of knowledge... they consider it same-sex marriage". "This practice can only be stopped when [the] government spread awareness about rights of a transgender person." Transgender people are discriminated against in Pakistan and struggle to find employment. More than 45 transgender people have been killed in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in the past two years, according to local rights group Trans Action. Last month, a 23-year-old transgender activist died after delays in treatment. Alisha, who was shot eight times, was in critical condition when admitted to hospital but staff could not decide whether to put her in a male or female ward, according to her friends. Trans Action, an advocacy group, say that there are at least 45,000 transgender people in the province and at least half-a-million nationwide. In 2012, Pakistan's Supreme Court declared equal rights for transgender citizens, including the right to inherit property and assets. They were also given the right to vote the year before. However, it has denied homosexual couples the permission to marry, with cases in the past of male homosexuals being charged under anti-sodomy laws.
The company said PCs and tablets running the software would go on sale on 29 July, at which point the OS would also be offered as a free download to existing users. The roll-out of the product for smartphones, Xbox games consoles and other kit will follow later. One expert said the release could prove critical to the Microsoft's fortunes. Windows 8 - the current iteration - has had a troubled life, with many deciding not to update to its touch-centric user interface. The company has acknowledged the fact by returning some features dropped from the more popular Windows 7. "We designed Windows 10 to create a new generation of Windows for the 1.5 billion people using Windows today in 190 countries around the world," wrote Terry Myerson, Microsoft's vice-president of operating systems, on its blog. "Familiar, yet better than ever, Windows 10 brings back the Start menu you know and love." He also highlighted new additions, including: Many company watchers had not expected the launch of the product to happen until later in the year. One analyst said the release was important as it might be "Microsoft's last chance" to crack the tablet market before Android and iOS became too entrenched, but added that it was unlikely to drive demand for new equipment in the same way earlier Windows updates had done. "Microsoft and Intel are certainly pushing the two-in-one device strategy [in which laptops transform into tablets], which could result in some sales," said Michael Silver from the tech consultancy Gartner. "But it's not only the fact that the upgrade is free, but Windows 10 for PCs is designed to run on computers that ran Windows 7 and even do better on less powerful hardware, so it will not spur on sales to the same extent as we've seen in the past."
Ildar Dadin is serving two and a half years for a series of street protests. He told his lawyer that he had been strung up by his handcuffed wrists, had his head shoved down a toilet and been threatened with rape and death. Russia's prison service says the claims are untrue but will investigate if the activist complains formally. Unusually, the allegations made the headlines on state-controlled television on Tuesday after Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that the case merited "the closest attention" and that President Vladimir Putin would be informed. Dadin's supporters gathered outside the justice ministry on Tuesday evening in protest. Ildar Dadin, 34, says his problems began after he was transferred to Prison Number Seven in the Karelia region of north-western Russia in mid-September and sent directly to a punishment cell. More on this story: Now out of isolation, Dadin has dictated a letter to his wife via his lawyer, in which he says he was beaten and kicked repeatedly by up to a dozen prison staff. One day, he alleges, he was hung from his wrists for about half an hour causing "extreme pain". "They then took off my pants and said that they would bring in another prisoner who would rape me if I didn't agree to end my hunger strike," Ildar Dadin writes. He had stopped eating in protest at being held in a punishment cell. Russia's FSIN prison service told the BBC that Mr Dadin was put in isolation for what a spokeswoman called "violations of the detention regime", but insisted that his claims of beating and torture were false. "There's no way illegal methods were used, especially for such a well-known character," Kristina Belousova told the BBC by telephone. "It's not the first time we've seen this, by people trying to attract maximum attention," the spokeswoman added. Ildar Dadin was sentenced in December 2015, under Article 212.1 - a controversial law that makes repeat violations of Russia's strict laws on street protests a criminal offence. "We didn't expect this to happen. It's awful," lawyer Alexei Liptser told the BBC, after visiting his client on Monday and transcribing his account. "He is frightened and subdued," the lawyer added. As the allegations of abuse spread on social media, and reached the Kremlin, Russia's human rights ombudswoman ordered a regional representative to visit the prison and said she was taking the case under her "personal control". In a dramatic conclusion to his letter, Ildar Dadin tells his wife "I am not afraid of dying. I'm most afraid of not being able to tolerate the torture."
Alex Williams, 22, from Christchurch, had failed to appear in court for sentencing in November, but was arrested in the town on Sunday. He appeared at Bournemouth Crown Court earlier and was sentenced to 20 months in prison for violent disorder. Williams was also sentenced to a further two months for failing to appear in court. Detectives had appealed to the public to help locate him after he failed to show up. The gang's offences included throwing a liquid, thought to be ammonia, at two victims who were each left blind in one eye. Four men were jailed for the attacks. In November Joe Warne, 21, was sentenced to 20 years; Reece Watkins, 22, was sentenced to 18 years; Dominic Barker, 20, was given 16 years and Piers Fox-Havilland was jailed for 12 years. The men, who lived in the London area, were also sentenced to 12 years for conspiracy to rob and eight for possession of imitation firearms - to run concurrently. Dorset Police said the gang was charged following a lengthy investigation into attacks at locations including Boscombe and Christchurch.
Coatbridge College head John Doyle was given the money after his institution merged with two other colleges. Holyrood's public audit committee, which said the principal was paid "in excess of the guidelines", has passed its report to Police Scotland. Mr Doyle told MSPs in October he had done nothing wrong and that his reputation had been unfairly "trashed". In June, the Auditor General Caroline Gardner issued a highly-critical report of the severance deals paid out by Coatbridge College, which she said were overly-generous. She claimed Mr Doyle and chairman of the former college - John Gray - had colluded in order to "achieve a certain outcome" by withholding important information from the remuneration committee. The report by the Scottish Parliament's audit committee agreed with the auditor general. Mr Doyle, who earned £116,000 a year by the end of his service, was given: Six other college staff also benefited from the £850,000 pot of pay-off money. Police Scotland said that officers had had discussions with Audit Scotland and the "matter is under review". Following the report, the Scottish government said it would "carefully consider its [the report's] recommendations in the coming days". Committee convener Paul Martin said: "There is a compelling moral argument for John Doyle to repay the tens of thousands of pounds extra he received from the college. "The Scottish government provided more than £52m between 2011/12 and 2013/14 to support the college merger process and most of that money was used to fund voluntary severance schemes. "It was not provided however to allow already highly-paid public servants to feather their own nests at the expense of their colleagues and of their students' education." The report made key recommendations, including; A Scottish government spokeswoman said the way in which "decisions involving hundreds of thousands of pounds of public money were made at Coatbridge College were completely unacceptable". She added: "The events in question took place before April 2014 when colleges were reclassified by ONS and stronger financial controls came into effect." By Glenn Campbell, BBC Scotland political correspondent MSPs on Holyrood's public audit committee were unanimous. Their report into bumper pay-offs for Coatbridge college bosses finds that the principal, John Doyle, was responsible for "serious failings in the governance of severance arrangements". It says he colluded with the chairman, John Gray to secure "excessive" pay-offs for himself and six other senior managers by deliberately withholding information from those who signed off the deals. The committee is urging Mr Doyle to pay back much of his £304,000 golden goodbye. They say this request and their decision to copy their report to Police Scotland are without precedent. Mr Doyle has previously refused to pay back any money arguing that he has "done nothing wrong". Mr Gray has also denied collusion. The committee convenor, Paul Martin, says in these circumstances the charity regulator or the Scottish Funding Council should think creatively about how they could force a clawback. The difficulty with these demands is that what MSPs find morally questionable may prove to be contractually correct.
Media playback is not supported on this device If the former Nottingham Forest and Derby County defender had access to the sort of help and support he is now eager to offer young footballers, he may well have achieved a great deal more. Now retraining as a counsellor, Charles - still best remembered for his innocent part in the infamous tackle that almost ended Paul Gascoigne's career - is determined to give something back to the sport that gave him so much. His journey has been far from smooth, with the low point a six-month prison sentence for dangerous driving and failing to give a breath sample that was brought about by his drinking. Following his time in the East Midlands Charles, who won two England caps, was forced to retire at the age of 32 after injury-plagued spells with Aston Villa, Benfica and West Ham. It was the injuries that led to the boozing. "While I was playing I was disciplined," Charles told BBC Inside Out. "As soon as I was injured - if it was for any length of time - I would maybe go out a little bit more than I would normally. But it wouldn't be all the time. "I am the first to admit that I have had my issues with drinking and I am a recovering alcoholic. But my drinking was very different from someone drinking every day. It wasn't all the time, it would be the odd time that would last two or three days. "I wasn't a typical alcoholic. I could stop and go long periods of time without drinking. "But toward the end of my football career it would last a little bit longer - definitely. As soon as I was nearly back to full fitness, I would go back in to my disciplined life again." Media playback is not supported on this device Charles has been sober for nine years. The 45-year-old is director of football at Nottingham University and is working with Priority Health - a specialist organisation to help young footballers. And he really wants to help. "If a lot more people were more honest and there wasn't such a stigma around alcoholics or drug addicts then a lot of people would benefit from it," Charles said. "We need to encourage young players not to live with addictions and talk to people. "I know it is hard for a young player to go to a coach or an assistant manager and say 'listen I am struggling with drinking' or gambling or whatever because they do think it could be detrimental to their careers and maybe they will not get the contract of their dreams. "There are things away from football clubs and there are people you can speak to. "I want people to know that if you are struggling with addiction, speak to somebody about it because it does help. You don't have to go through hell when you can address your issues a lot earlier and go on and live a normal life." His time in prison was the real end of his "normal life" and helped set him on the way to sobriety. Charles was struggling to deal with the end of his career and it was at this point that he realised things needed to change. "Prison was definitely something that opened my eyes to being somewhere I didn't want to continue going," Charles said. "I just didn't want to drink any more or feel the way I was feeling any more. I had just had enough. "Football is very much a closed shop but I think it is something that needs to be talked about. Addiction does not pick a certain type." Football life for London-born Charles began brilliantly as a youngster forcing his way in to Brian Clough's Forest side at the end of the 1980s. "It's a big thing when you actually come in to a club and you are here every day and are watching the first team play," Charles said. "The Forest team had a lot of great players at the time. I still remember cleaning the boots of Johnny Metgod, Garry Birtles, Gary Mills and Gary Fleming; they were the four players I looked after. "That was one of the biggest things I enjoyed because I got to go in to the first team dressing room and listen to what they spoke about." Despite all Charles achieved, it was his part in the Gazza story that still triggers the memory banks when his name crops up. Forest reached the 1991 FA Cup final where they played a Tottenham side featuring Gascoigne and Gary Lineker. Despite going ahead through a trademark Stuart Pearce free-kick, Brian Clough's Forest lost a thrilling match 2-1. But the game - enthralling as it was - was overshadowed by two moments of Gazza madness. His first challenge on Garry Parker saw Gascoigne plant his foot in the Forest midfielder's chest, the second saw the Lazio-bound superstar rupture a cruciate ligament in his right knee because of his ugly lunge on Charles. "I remember the tackle on Parks," Charles said. "I thought that was worse than my one to be honest. It was just a mis-timed tackle. It is something that every professional footballer has done. "I didn't think much of it. I know a lot was made of it but I was more disappointed with us losing the game. If you speak to a lot of the Forest lads that is one of our biggest regrets. It was a massive day for the club." Charles wants to ensure the young footballers he comes into contact with will only have reason to regret matters on the pitch. Interview by BBC East Midlands Today's Angela Rafferty.
William Mocsari of Rodden Street in Kircubbin is charged with causing unnecessary suffering to a dog. Newtownards Magistrates' court heard he allegedly confessed to his social worker that he got a dog which was "free to a good home" from a website. He then strangled it with its own lead, "skinned it and fed it to his other dog". A police officer told the court that as well as the alleged confession to his social worker, "traces of dog fur were found in the fire". She said there were strong objections to Mr Mocsari being freed on bail as he is considered a danger to the public. The defendant appeared in court via video link from Maghaberry prison. He is also charged with driving offences and being in possession of class C diazepam drugs. A defence barrister told the court that Mr Mocsari still had not had a mental health assessment despite the judge ordering one in December. Judge Hamill ordered Mr Mocsari to be produced from prison and made a further order that "someone senior in the Prison Service accompanies Mr Mocsari to explain to his court why the order about mental health has been ignored". The case was adjourned until Tuesday.
The 35-year-old former international stand-off becomes the first French coach of the Perpignan-based club. Frayssinous replaces Trent Robinson, who has left France for a post at Sydney Roosters in Australia. Frayssinous is five months the junior of the previous youngest Super League coach, Bradford's Francis Cummins. Frayssinous had been part of the Dragons' coaching staff and played for them when they made their Super League bow with a 38-30 win against Wigan in 2006. The former assistant coach of the France national team has signed a two-year deal, with the option of a third season.
No firms in Northern Ireland have so far been affected by the ransomware attack, which wreaked havoc on organisations including the National Health Service in England and Scotland. The virus could have spread even further had a cyber security researcher not accidently discovered a "kill switch" in the malicious program. He was assisted by a researcher from security firm Proofpoint, which has an office in Belfast. There is no shortage of cyber security experts in Northern Ireland - the industry now employs about 1,200 people. And there is such a demand for their expertise, they can earn twice the average salary in Northern Ireland. Invest NI - the region's business development agency - says Northern Ireland is the number one location in the world for cyber security inward investment and the number one global destination for US cyber security companies with an eye for international expansion. Invest NI said companies had been enticed by the "hard-to-find" skillsets being nurtured at Queen's and Ulster University. "Companies such as Black Duck, Rapid 7, Proofpoint, Alert Logic and Whitehat are recent investors here," said a spokeswoman. "And with Symantec, a security software vendor, predicting the number of job openings to rise to 6m globally by 2019, there are real opportunities for our talented workforce." Emily McDaid writes about all things tech and edits the Techwatch blog for Catalyst Inc Connect, a not-for-profit network that runs a number of programmes to help innovation companies get off the ground or grow. Northern Ireland has a booming tech sector, she said, particularly in the fields of cyber security, data analytics, fintech (software for the financial sector) and blockchain - the technology underpinning the digital currency Bitcoin. "London is no longer the go-to place," she said. "Northern Ireland is a cheaper place to live and do business. And if the corporation tax was to be lowered, that would be massive for the sector." Cyber security has become big business for corporate firms and start-ups in Northern Ireland, she said, and they are in the unique position of working in both the Irish and UK markets. She has written about a start-up in Belfast, one of only two companies in the world, which uses a person's heartbeat as a way of identification, as opposed to fingerprints or retinal scan. Then there are the two female cryptography experts looking at how to keep data safe when quantum computing becomes a reality - quantum computers will be so clever they will be able to break security algorithms easily, and hack data in seconds. In addition to working with at least 500 entrepreneurs each year, Mrs McDaid's organisation inspires young people to pursue careers in tech and innovation. "Cyber security is so big at the moment, it has an 0% unemployment rate," added Mrs McDaid. "The more NI becomes a recognised centre of innovation, the more you will get the talent coming up through the generations." Last week, two international conferences were held in Belfast on the issue of cyber security - it is a burgeoning industry because with every technological advance comes a new opportunity for criminals to exploit it. One of the conferences was hosted by the Centre for Secure Information Technologies (CSIT), based at the Northern Ireland Science Park in Belfast's Titanic Quarter. CSIT, which is part of Queen's University Belfast, is home to the UK's largest cyber-security research cluster. David Crozier, head of strategic partnerships and engagement at the major research hub, says it has a "critical mass of researchers" looking at malware, network security, encryption and critical infrastructure. He said the centre had acted as a magnet for companies, attracted by the research and skilled workforce. While it is a global export-based business, with most firms working for multi-nationals, the industry is a significant contributor to the economy, says Mr Crozier. "The skills are so in demand at the moment that the industry is on course to generate salaries of £60m per annum," he said. "For those citizens with the knowledge, they are able to earn about £42,500 per year - the average salary here is about £23,000." Northern Ireland as a whole also wins because it means some of the world's foremost cyber-security experts are living here. "Citizens not working in the industry will benefit from the expertise and all the work that is going on to ensure government and public service systems are resilient and secure," said Mr Crozier. "They can never be 100% secure and breaches are a daily occurrence, even for big companies, but more often than not, networks will be protected." Mr Crozier is part of a working group, which includes the police and various government departments. Since last year, it has been operating as the NI Cyber Security Framework for Action and its aim is to ensure a co-ordinated approach to cyber security. The group has formulated a set of priorities and while the political deadlock at Stormont means they are still unpublished, Mr Crozier says the work is certainly not on hold. "The man on the street doesn't want to think about cyber security," he added. "But the public needs to know there are people working behind the scenes to protect networks and keep ahead of attackers. "They are unsung heroes and they only come to prominence when a major event happens."
Researchers said they found German coins minted during World War Two in the ruins in northern Argentina. The researchers said that the buildings were probably never used by fugitive Nazis, because they found they could live freely in Argentine towns. Nazis who fled to Argentina included Adolf Eichmann and Erich Priebke. The researchers from the University of Buenos Aires said they decided to investigate the buildings because of a local legend claiming they had been used as a hide-out for Martin Bormann, a close aide to Adolf Hitler. The overgrown ruins are located in Teyu Cuare park, near the town of San Ignacio in northern Misiones province. Researcher Daniel Schavelzon told Argentina's Clarin newspaper that the architecture of the three buildings differed markedly from that of others in the region and that their purpose in the middle of a remote nature reserve was a mystery. He said that a number of objects had been found that linked the buildings to wartime Germany, such as coins minted in the late 1930s and early 1940s and a fragment of Meissen porcelain made in Germany. However, none of the objects has so far been found to have any direct links to any Nazi officers. Mr Schavelzon told Clarin that his team thought previous theories, such as that the building had been built by Jesuit priests, were "too simplistic". He also dismissed the local legend that Hitler's private secretary Martin Bormann had lived there. Mr Schavelzon pointed to DNA tests carried out in 1998 on a skeleton found in Berlin that proved Bormann committed suicide in 1945 and did not flee to South America as had long been rumoured. The researcher insisted, though, that the buildings in Teyu Cuare park were very unusual. He said the walls, some of which were 3m (9ft) thick, were "on an incredible scale". He also said that their location was "completely inaccessible". "You'd never be able to find them if you didn't know their exact location," he said. He said the theory the team was currently working on was that the buildings were constructed as a hide-out by the Nazis in case they lost World War Two. But he said he did not think it was ever used, as the Nazis found they could live in relative comfort in Argentine cities rather than have to hide in a remote jungle fortress. Hundreds of Nazis and fascists, some of them wanted war criminals, were allowed to enter Argentina by the president at the time, Juan Peron. Adolf Eichmann, the SS officer who oversaw the logistics of the Holocaust, famously lived in a suburb of Buenos Aires for years before being captured by Israeli agents. In 2000, then-president Fernando de la Rua apologised for Argentina's role in providing a refuge for Nazi war criminals after World War Two.
Anti-smoking groups say that is too long to wait, but there have been protests by some restaurant owners, who say their business will suffer. Austrians like order, or "Ordnung" as they say in German. It is hugely frowned upon for a pedestrian to cross the road on a red light. And the streets and underground network of Vienna are kept remarkably clean. But smoky air in cafes and restaurants has been widely tolerated for years. "Smoking is a sort of culture, especially in Austria," Margit Schwed told me as she sat in Cafe Ritter in Vienna, with its gilt chandeliers and marble table tops. "In the typical Vienna Kaffeehaus you take your coffee and your cigarette. I think people like the flair in the coffee houses." Austria has one of the highest rates of smoking in Europe, particularly among young people: 33% of Austrians smoke regularly, according to a 2012 Eurobarometer study. Only Greeks, Bulgarians and Latvians smoke more. A survey by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) found that 27% of Austrian 15-year-olds smoke at least once a week, more frequently than any other children in the OECD area. Several years ago, when many countries had already banned smoking in bars and cafes, Austria first adopted the idea of introducing separate smoking and non-smoking areas. Small restaurants could choose whether to go smoke-free or not. Larger restaurants, like Cafe Ritter, were obliged to provide a separate smoking section, sealed off by glass partitions. The law was heavily criticised by doctors and anti-smoking groups as half-hearted and badly enforced. Earlier this year, after the death of a prominent anti-smoking journalist from lung cancer, Austria's coalition government of the Social Democrats and the conservative People's Party announced plans to bring in a total ban on smoking in restaurants, cafes and bars by 2018. "We have finally arrived in Europe with anti-smoking protection," Health Minister Sabine Oberhauser said. However there were protests from the far-right Freedom Party and from Austria's Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber of Commerce opposes the ban, because it says restaurants and cafes invested around â‚¬100m ($109m; Â£714m) to install ventilation systems and glass partitions to accommodate the separate smoking areas. The economy minister, Reinhold Mitterlehner, has said their interests will be taken into account. At Cafe Ritter, one of the waiters, Michael Schneider, told me the smoking ban should be brought in as soon as possible. "Working in the smoke is bad for the health of me and my colleagues," he said.
Will that promising full-back relish being thrown deeper into the public spotlight? What if the £200m superstar doesn't settle in Paris? These are the types of questions being asked by clubs as they consider investing eye-watering sums on new players. An emerging field of analysts and experts believe they have the answers. But how do they find them? Ever sent a tweet you've come to regret? Last season, Burnley striker Andre Gray apologised and asked "for forgiveness" after homophobic tweets he sent in 2012 were shared. And, just last week, Chelsea forward Kenedy was sent home from their pre-season tour of China after being accused of xenophobia and racism. He apologised for the Instagram posts. But what can a club learn from a player's social media presence? Ben Wright is head of sport at communications agency Cicero, which produces reports on players for clients across the globe, including seven in the Premier League and two in Spain's La Liga. He says: "We look all the way through a player's online presence. By doing this you can get an idea of what kind of person they are and how their character has evolved over time. "We analyse media coverage, social media, fans' forums, everything that is available online, across 13 languages, to build up a public picture of their life. "Are they using social media late at night? Do they blur the boundaries of public and private? How have they changed over time as they have begun to earn more money? "Are they posting the kind of insight into their private lives that fans really appreciate, or is it all about new cars and new clothes? And are they posting this kind of stuff regardless of whether it's been a good or bad result the weekend before?" Some clubs have developed in-house teams - sometimes within their scouting departments - to perform similar research. But in January, Cicero produced a report on a promising young Premier League player, who will remain anonymous. The analysis uncovered a series of social media posts, dating back several years, that were sexually explicit in nature, and found angry responses to opposition fans that included offensive language. Ultimately, the client who commissioned the report decided not to offer the player what would have been a significant development in his career. Case study: Andrea Belotti Torino striker Andrea Belotti has been linked with a move to the Premier League for much of the summer. In July, Cicero was asked to produce a report on the £90m-rated Italian, and the findings were largely positive. One section in the report - written for a Premier League club - analyses the "tone and approach" of his social media activity, while another addresses the '"likelihood of future issues". Belotti's posts, which featured regular tributes to his wife and family, displayed "no instances of bad language, prejudice or public disagreements", the report said. "It is extremely unlikely he would ever post something or engage with fans on social media in a way that brings himself or his club into disrepute," it added. But, in a section titled "social media presence", it says there would - at this stage - be a slim chance of a club harnessing his online following to counter-balance a hefty transfer fee. Belotti's 30,000-plus followers were, the report said, heavily Turin-based; his appeal is markedly different to the global reach of, for example, Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba. Perhaps that outweighed his good behaviour? Belotti, 23, remains in Serie A, where he scored 23 goals last season. Reach, tone and risk Fragile fan base Numbers Is he worth 100m euros? Despite the benefits to be gained from monitoring it, social media can give players an outlet to project themselves as something they are not. That becomes harder when they cross the white line on match day. Geir Jordet, professor in sport psychology at the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences, works with several top clubs across Europe - including in the UK. "The best way to learn about about the psychology of a player is to observe what he does on the pitch," he says. Jordet has devised a model of 11 attributes that can be used to judge whether a player will succeed, or can be helped to succeed, at the very highest levels. Among the things he advises clubs to do are watch a player immediately after they make a mistake, see how they communicate with team-mates and assess to what extent the player is proactively involved in the game. "I have built up a research portfolio on observing players' body language in matches, and I help clubs to see that," he says. Jordet says clubs must also ensure any new player must fit in with the "coaching culture". "The heavy training culture at one club, for example, might be a very powerful part of their recipe for success, and they might be especially keen to sign a player who fits into that - someone like Romelu Lukaku, for example. "But there might be other clubs who would be willing to take more of a risk on a player who does not seem to be as dedicated, because they are good at dealing with so-called problem players, those who might be easily distracted by life off the pitch." To put it simply - everyone is different. Two individually brilliant footballers may not play well together. Jesse de Preter, a director at Atticus Sports Management, says everyone involved in the talent-spotting process is thinking more than ever about the personality of players. But he still regards it as an "underdeveloped part" of the business. De Preter said: "In the UK clubs it is a permanent search for talent, and many have specialists who are involved in the psychology of targets. "The scouting departments, even at many of the Championship clubs, are full of people, full of TV screens, they have the most expensive software available, staff travelling constantly around the world. It is an extensive system, backed by a lot of money. "Footballers are very highly paid employees, but for some reason we still think everyone should be treated in the same way. That is the same as saying: 'OK, it is physical training today, everyone runs five miles together.' "You can see the proof every year. When a brilliant player goes for a lot of money somewhere, and does not do well, the player is blamed, the coach is blamed. "Then, when the player goes away to another environment and becomes a star, everyone says 'oh it was too early for him', when there will be many other factors why it didn't work out, completely linked to his personality; the way he functions in a group, or the other people in a group." So where does this fit in with the traditional methods used by scouts? Tor-Kristian Karlsen is now an 'independent advisor' to clubs but he used to work as a scout across Europe. He believes that the "expertise of psychologists is a useful addition to the scouting process". However, he also makes the point that the traditional role of scout - if done well - has always involved "studying players in a social context". This could include observing behaviour in training, a player's standing within the group dynamic in social situations, such as at a team hotel, or their reaction to the media. He says: "In our environment, you have seen so much of a player before you sign him - in training, in matches, interviews - and you have spoken to people that you trust, like previous coaches and other people in the football world. Usually the total of all that information is deemed to be sufficient to make a call on a player. "If you look at a player like Kylian Mbappe, you know that he has come through the French elite national academy at Clairefontaine, then the Monaco academy, so already you know he has gone through an excellent school with really high standards. That would make you comfortable about signing him. "Football always involves an element of risk. I don't think even the most skilled psychologist in the world could project with great accuracy where a player is going to end up. But of course it makes sense to involve such professionals, and there are clues to be found in his behaviour on the pitch, in his reputation, in his development." De Preter describes the increasing focus on personality as a "new trend". And while former Tottenham and Liverpool director Damien Comolli says clubs have "always checked players' backgrounds extensively" he acknowledges the game is changing. He says people are beginning to "look more at the individual as a human being before as a football player", a trend he describes as "one of the main current topics in recruitment". "High-level sport is so demanding," he adds. "If we get the wrong individual in on day one, that can destroy everything the club is trying to achieve. "When I was at Tottenham we were thinking about a massive investment on a striker who was playing abroad. I travelled to meet him, and in our conversation I asked him why he would like to join Tottenham. "His reply was: 'Well, I would like to live in London, because there I can have a quiet life with my girlfriend without everyone recognising me in the street.' "I left that meeting feeling very uncomfortable. He never told me he wanted to win, he never told me he wanted to help the club or help himself improve. "This is what clubs are trying to understand before they sign players, and now I think everyone is pretty much talking about the same thing: getting the right person in as well as the right player. "It is a trend that is not going to stop evolving, and we are only at the beginning."
Carl McHugh was red-carded for a lunge on Don Cowie early in the second half. Hearts went ahead when Alexandros Tziolis' shot took a deflection off Keith Lasley and looped over goalkeeper Craig Samson. And Esmael Goncalves struck twice late on, the striker scoring his first goals for the Tynecastle club. Goncalves had an early low shot just wide before Louis Moult's header hit the bar, but the flag was up - wrongly - for offside against the Motherwell striker. The hosts had started the match with a back three in an attempt to stymie the Hearts attack, but as the half wore on the away side became more dangerous. First, a great run from left-back Lennard Sowah forced a save from Samson. Media playback is not supported on this device Then Jamie Walker threatened with a couple of fierce efforts which were just off target. He perhaps should have had a penalty when it looked like he had his shirt pulled in the box. Malaury Martin then stung the palms of Samson with a free-kick from 25 yards, but Motherwell would finish the half strongly. From a corner Lionel Ainsworth fired in a shot which was cleared off the line by Anastasios Avlonitis. McHugh then fired an effort over the bar. Moult was wrongly awarded awarded a free-kick at the edge of the box, having actually been tripped by team-mate Ainsworth. Referee Andrew Dallas even mistakenly booked Hearts midfielder Martin. Moult took the free-kick himself and the ball flew narrowly wide of Jack Hamilton's goal. Red cards defined Motherwell's match with Rangers last weekend and another sending off played a massive part in this match. This time it was McHugh who lunged in, catching Cowie painfully. There were echoes of Scott McDonald's red card tackle on Rangers' Kenny Miller, and it looked like the right decision by Dallas. Just minutes later Hearts opened the scoring. The impressive Greece international midfielder Tziolis fired in a shot from 20 yards which took a massive deflection off Lasley and beat Samson. But Lasley almost levelled moments later, his effort narrowly off target. Goncalves has shed 8kg and with his improved conditioning and professionalism it's intriguing to ponder what he can do for this Hearts side. The management at the club clearly believe in the talents of this mercurial player, and that belief will give Goncalves added confidence. He looked determined to get his first Hearts goal and caused Motherwell problems all afternoon. It finally came as he fired home with a composed finish. It clearly meant a lot to him as he celebrated with the travelling fans - for which he was duly booked. Goncalves restrained himself from a second yellow after he scored again as Hearts made it two wins in four days following Wednesday's 4-1 defeat of Rangers. Match ends, Motherwell 0, Heart of Midlothian 3. Second Half ends, Motherwell 0, Heart of Midlothian 3. Attempt missed. Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Attempt blocked. Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Goal!  Motherwell 0, Heart of Midlothian 3. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Moha. Lennard Sowah (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Jack McMillan (Motherwell). Attempt saved. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration. Goal!  Motherwell 0, Heart of Midlothian 2. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Moha. Attempt blocked. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Moha (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Zak Jules (Motherwell). Andraz Struna (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Lee Lucas (Motherwell). Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Sam Nicholson replaces Jamie Walker. Attempt saved. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Attempt blocked. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Ben Heneghan (Motherwell) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Ben Heneghan (Motherwell). Foul by Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian). Stephen McManus (Motherwell) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Attempt missed. Keith Lasley (Motherwell) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Foul by Jamie Walker (Heart of Midlothian). Keith Lasley (Motherwell) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Perry Kitchen replaces Malaury Martin. Goal!  Motherwell 0, Heart of Midlothian 1. Alexandros Tziolis (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box to the high centre of the goal. Attempt blocked. Moha (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Stephen Pearson. Substitution, Motherwell. Stephen Pearson replaces Lionel Ainsworth. Substitution, Motherwell. Lee Lucas replaces Steven Hammell. Don Cowie (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Carl McHugh (Motherwell) is shown the red card. Foul by Carl McHugh (Motherwell). Alexandros Tziolis (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Louis Moult (Motherwell). Corner,  Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Ben Heneghan. Second Half begins Motherwell 0, Heart of Midlothian 0.
LL Camps has operated at Merry Hill in Bushey, Hertfordshire, for the past four years, describing itself as the UK's only American-style summer camp. A man aged 25, of Borehamwood, had been bailed until September, said police. They said they would contact families directly should they discover that any children had been affected. A spokesman for Ofsted said: "We can confirm we have suspended the registrations of these early years settings while investigations are carried out. "It would be inappropriate to comment further while investigations are ongoing." In a joint statement, Hertfordshire Police and Hertfordshire County Council said they were working with Ofsted and the "safety and welfare of children is the top priority". Anyone with specific concerns about a child is asked to call Hertfordshire County Council on 0300 123 4043. A statement from the LL Camps team was posted its Facebook page on Thursday. It said the camp had closed with "immediate effect" and it "cannot disclose any further information". The privately-run LL Camps is based at St Margaret's School in Bushey. A school spokeswoman said LL Camps was "entirely non-related to our school" and St Margaret's had "no links to LL Camps except to hire out a part of the Sports Centre site during the holiday periods". The LL Camps website, which has been taken offline, stated it had achieved "outstanding early years provider" awards from Ofsted in 2013 and 2014. It said the camp was about "meeting new friends, expanding interests and learning new skills". It added it was committed to its core values of creating a "caring, nurturing and positive" environment.
Media playback is not supported on this device A winner must be declared on the night - as an ice hockey rink needs to be laid at midnight for a match at the same Hallenstadion venue the following day. But what else do you need to know? BBC Radio 5 live's sports news correspondent Richard Conway explains. Media playback is not supported on this device Fifa's 209 nations will gather in Zurich for what is billed as an "extraordinary congress". It was called after Sepp Blatter dramatically announced last June that he would step aside after 18 years as Fifa president. The 79-year-old Swiss said he was "laying down his mandate", which has led to some concern he may not have actually resigned. However, Fifa officials are confident he will not make an awkward re-appearance - not least because he has been banned from football for eight years over a "disloyal payment" of £1.3m to suspended Uefa president Michel Platini. Both men deny wrongdoing and are appealing against their bans. Blatter also has no accreditation to get into the conference hall on the outskirts of Zurich where the congress is being held. There are two big issues to settle. First, the FA representatives have to agree to a package of reforms designed to eliminate the problems that have plunged Fifa into crisis in recent months and restore its reputation. Then, if and when that is formalised, they have to appoint a new president. Media playback is not supported on this device Given the hype and spin around the election the reforms have been slightly forgotten about - but they are vitally important to the organisation's future. One Fifa insider believes it would be a "disaster" if measures to clean up the governing body fail. Specifically, Fifa wants members to agree to term limits for top officials along with disclosure of their salaries. Responsibility for everyday business decisions will be removed from the "political" representatives of national associations. The "executive committee" will be disbanded. In its place will come a new 36-member Fifa council, which will include a minimum of six women, to set global strategy. The day-to-day running of Fifa will pass to a new "general secretariat" - equivalent to a corporate executive board - and the secretary general, effectively the CEO, will be a powerful position. The checks and balances will be carried out by a series of committees, the most important of which will be the fully independent audit and compliance committee. Fifa wants the regional confederations and national associations to mirror their efforts over time and they will place immediate new demands on them, such as annual audits. Media playback is not supported on this device You would think so given Fifa's recent history. However, officials aren't taking any chances. The proposals need 75% approval to be passed. Acting president Issa Hayatou has been very active in spreading the message about the need to adopt the raft of proposals. Hayatou was censured by the International Olympic Committee for his part in the ISL scandal - where the sports marketing company paid $100m (£66.2m) to officials, including former Fifa president Joao Havelange and ex-Fifa executive Ricardo Teixeira, in return for lucrative television and marketing rights throughout the 1990s. Additionally, he has been accused of taking a $1.5m (£1.1m) bribe from Qatar to vote in favour of their bid to host the 2022 World Cup. Both he and Qatar categorically deny any wrongdoing. So it is of interest that Hayatou has been at the forefront of the reform efforts. Hayatou has an unassailable reputation (although not in Europe) amongst large sections of the 209 Fifa nations, despite his alleged wrongdoing. His voice carries weight amongst the "family" and the vote should therefore be carried without any issues. Fifa is still in a perilous position with ongoing American and Swiss investigations into the activities of current and former officials. As it stands, the organisation is considered a "victim" by the US Department of Justice. But that could change. If the DoJ believes Fifa is not reforming or is carrying on as usual then it could be charged under US racketeering laws designed initially to tackle organised crime. Passing the reforms are therefore vital if Fifa is to continue operating and not be shut down. Yes. This is where it gets complicated. The DoJ and the Swiss authorities are very interested in how the Russia 2018 and Qatar 2022 World Cups were awarded and if any wrongdoing took place. If Fifa were to be shut down it could render the contracts for both those tournaments null and void. Geopolitically that could cause huge friction, especially given the delicate military situation in Syria at the moment. In addition, the US is a big ally of Qatar and has a strategic air base there. Given all of this, many question whether there is the political will from President Barack Obama's administration to carry out the ultimate threat. One insider said recently he believes there is pressure on Loretta Lynch, the US Attorney General, not to act in this regard. Far from it. In December, when the US made its second wave of arrests, it issued a superseding indictment. There are 24 unnamed co-conspirators within the document, including high ranking Fifa officials and members of national FAs. Some may be cooperating with the US already, others not. At some stage the US will have to act and a grand jury has been sitting in the US to consider ongoing matters. In addition, the Swiss investigation into the 2018 and 2022 bidding process is ongoing. That enquiry has widened and has resulted in Blatter being criminally investigated. Big question. No one knows right now. If they do take action, the effect that has on the election will depend largely on who is targeted and where. The US is believed to be diverting its attention away from America and more towards Europe, Asia and Africa. It is hard to see the mechanism by which the election could be stopped - but this is Fifa, so let's not rule anything in or out just yet. Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim al-Khalifa of Bahrain is still the front runner according to many observers. He has the backing of his own Asian confederation and Africa, though the continents do not vote as a bloc and the ballot is held in secret. However, such political backing from two of the biggest confederations should not be underestimated. The national associations do not want to back the loser either… even though the vote is secret. There may be big swings in the vote between the rounds. Fifa presidency: Meet Sepp Blatter's five possible successors What about GianniInfantino? Media playback is not supported on this device The Uefa general secretary Infantino has, according to the 45-year-old Swiss' camp, made gains in recent weeks. They believe he is the man to beat. Well, yes… but this is the same PR team behind Prince Ali bin al-Hussein's failed election attempt last May. Back then they made very different noises in the build-up, briefing that 40-year-old Jordanian Prince Ali was unlikely to win but would give Blatter a bloody nose. So their bullish confidence with Infantino should not be underestimated. Infantino has strong support in Europe, South America and significant backing in the potentially crucial Caribbean. They also think they will get half the votes in Africa. If that proves true then it's game over. He wins. "If" is the key word though. Media playback is not supported on this device Prince Ali lost the support of Europe for this election when Platini announced he was standing. He failed to make gains after the 60-year-old former France captain was banned and Infantino stepped into his shoes. A safe prediction for Prince Ali would be that he has between 20 and 30 pledges of support. That means he simply cannot win - but he could be a significant player in deciding the eventual victor if he drops out and asks his supporters to back a rival candidate. Frenchman Jerome Champagne will stay on to the bitter end but is highly unlikely to get more than 10 votes. South African businessman Tokyo Sexwale's efforts have been something of a mystery and he has been criticised for running a lacklustre campaign. He went on a joint visit to Robben Island, where he was a political prisoner, with Infantino on Monday. Despite that he says he will not quit. He seems to be playing a longer game - perhaps with his eye on a new Fifa if the current organisation is ever abolished. There are 207 eligible voters, with Kuwait and Indonesia currently barred from taking part. That may change on Friday and the total number of voters will be announced before the ballot. In the first round, the winner needs two-thirds of the available votes. If no candidate achieves that then a simple majority (105 in a 209-nation contest) is all that is required to win. If there is still no winner then a third round will take place and the candidate with the fewest votes in round two would drop out at this point. The candidates will each have 15 minutes to address Friday's congress, which is due to start at about 12:00 GMT. In theory, the first round of voting should start at approximately 13:30 GMT. Fifa estimates each round of voting will take one hour and 40 minutes. A safer bet is two hours, judging by previous elections. So the earliest a winner is likely to be declared is about 17:30 GMT… let's see.
Fees in England are rising again, and it is the first fall in UK applications since fees were last increased in 2012. The Royal College of Nursing blamed the 23% drop in nursing applications on the removal of bursaries. Universities Minister Jo Johnson said that despite the overall drop, more 18-year-olds were applying to university. These Ucas admissions figures, up to the January deadline for courses starting in the autumn, show a 5% drop in UK students and 7% drop in students from the European Union - with a total of about 564,000. Universities have been warning about the impact of Brexit on their finances if European applications fall and these figures show a significant decline in candidates from the EU. There has also been a decline in UK students applying - and like the two previous occasions when applications have fallen - this has been when fees are being increased. The fall in applications in England of 6% has been three times greater than in Scotland at 2%, which remains without tuition fees. Applications from Wales fell most, by 7%, and Northern Ireland by 5%. Nursing had the biggest fall of any individual subject, and Janet Davies, general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, blamed this on the switch from grants to fees and loans. "We warned the government the removal of student funding would see a sharp drop in nursing applications. These figures confirm our worst fears," said Ms Davies. She said the "nursing workforce is in crisis". But there were drops across other subjects - particularly among older students not applying directly from school. Among 19-year-olds, numbers were down 9%. And among 25-year-olds, applications were down 23%. But among 18-year-olds, such as sixth-formers applying from school, numbers have continued to rise to record levels, up to 37% of the age group. And there could be an upside for those who are seeking places - with universities likely to be competing to attract students. Ucas chief Mary Curnock Cook said this "tough recruitment environment for universities" would mean "unprecedented choice and opportunity for applicants". Sorana Vieru, vice-president of the National Union of Students, said the fall in applicants was "disappointing, but not a surprise". "Uncertainty around increases in tuition fees, loss of maintenance grants and the rising costs of living and studying at university are too much of a risk to some potential students," she said. Labour's shadow universities minister, Gordon Marsden, said: "We warned the government at Christmas their sneaked-out tuition fee increases and the accompanying increased debts would have damaging impacts on students and their numbers." Universities Minister Jo Johnson said: "More young people than ever are choosing to go to university, with record application rates for 18-year-olds this year as well as those from disadvantaged backgrounds."
There are concerns about the number of deaths at the hospital, which is at the centre of a long dispute over the future of children's heart services. The medical director of the NHS, Bruce Keogh, said it was "a highly responsible precautionary step". But some people have questioned the decision and its timing, 24 hours after a High Court ruling kept surgery there. Leeds General Infirmary had been earmarked for closure by the NHS review to concentrate children's heart surgery in fewer bigger centres. But that decision was quashed by a High Court judge on Wednesday. Stuart Andrew, Conservative MP for Pudsey, who has led a cross-party campaign to keep the unit open, said it was a "very odd" decision coming after the jubilation that greeted the court ruling. "We have always asked them 'is it safe at Leeds?' and the answer always came back 'yes it is'. "What is the information that says that has changed?" Congenital heart defects explained He added he had not received one complaint about care. Children who would have been treated in Leeds will be sent to other hospitals around England. Affected families are being contacted directly by the trust and the review is expected to take three weeks. Anne Keatley-Clarke, chief executive of the Children's Heart Federation, an umbrella group for different voluntary organisations, said she had raised concerns about surgery outcomes two years ago, and more recently parents had reported difficulties in getting referrals at Leeds to other heart units. In a statement on the federation website, she said: "My concern is that it appears that managers and clinicians in  Leeds, together with the parent support group, have put their own interests ahead of the well-being of critically ill children and their very vulnerable parents." Sir Bruce and senior managers from the Care Quality Commission visited the hospital on Thursday to say it must stop all children's heart surgery there immediately. In a statement, Sir Bruce said: "The trust has taken a highly responsible precautionary step. "Some questions have been raised by the trust's own mortality data and by other information. "It is important to understand that while this information raises questions, it does not give us answers." The chief executive of Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust said outside experts would be drafted in to help review "all aspects" of care. In a statement, Maggie Boyle apologised to parents and families affected but assured them the trust always put the safety of patients first. The CQC said it supported the trust's decision and it was in close contact with the trust to ensure effective arrangements were in place to protect the safety and welfare of patients. Sharon Cheng, from Save Our Surgery - the group which is co-ordinating the fight to keep children's heart surgery in Leeds - said: "We're mystified. "We don't know of anything that could justify this step." Previously, an NHS review said surgery should stop at hospitals in Leeds, Leicester and London to focus care at fewer, larger sites, where medical expertise can be concentrated. More than 600,000 people signed a petition opposing the closure plans. Many people were unhappy that children from Leeds faced journeys of up to 150 miles for care. The leader of Leeds City Council, Councillor Keith Wakefield, said he was "shocked at the timing of today's events".
A metal detectorist found three jugs and a bronze dish in a field in Kelshall near Royston last year, North Hertfordshire District Council said. A subsequent dig unearthed artefacts from a "cosmopolitan" burial including mosaic glass dishes and cremated bone. Experts are "clamouring" to study the "unique find," the council said. The treasure hunter made the initial discoveries, including a complete Roman jug, late last year and council archaeology officer Keith Fitzpatrick-Matthews decided the finds merited further investigation. Glass bottles and cups, an iron lamp, a box with bronze corner bindings were later uncovered, as well as a bronze coin dating from 174 to 175 AD. A "major find" were two shattered - but otherwise complete - mosaic glass dishes, which were probably made in Alexandria in Egypt in about 200 AD, the council said. Mr Fitzpatrick-Matthews said: "After 1800 years, finds like these still impress us with their workmanship." The artefacts are not currently classed as treasure and are owned by the farmer and the finder but North Hertfordshire Museum Service wants to raise the money to buy them. The value has not been revealed but is estimated to be "more than Â£20,000".
The conservationists have described it as a major milestone, there are thought to be about 70,000 coins in the hoard. By the end of the day on Friday the team had removed 55,014 coins, 63 more than the previous largest Roman Cunetio hoard found in Wiltshire. The team are clearing the coins in view of the public in a special laboratory at La Hougue Bie Museum in Grouville. The Jersey Heritage team has spent two years removing the coins one by one from the hoard discovered by two metal detector enthusiasts in 2012. The value of the hoard will not be known until next year when the States will have to decide whether to pay to keep it in the island.
Conservative MPs cheered as English and Welsh members prepared to give their consent to parts of the Housing and Planning Bill that only apply to their constituencies. Housing Minister Brandon Lewis said he was "very proud" to be implementing the reforms. But the SNP said the changes were "driving Scotland out of the door". They were introduced in response to calls for a stronger voice for English MPs following increased devolution to Scotland. Where parts of a bill are deemed to only affect England, or England and Wales, a new stage is added to the usual law-making process at which only MPs for English - or English and Welsh - constituencies can vote. Following the end of the Housing Bill's report stage, Speaker John Bercow suspended the sitting of the Commons for five minutes before finalising which provisions applied to which nations. After MPs debated the new rules - MPs representing Scottish constituencies were entitled to speak but not to vote - the "consent motion" for England and Wales was agreed without a division. The Housing Bill, which includes an extension of the right-to-buy for housing association tenants in England, was later approved by all MPs at third reading stage.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron called Labour "careless" for spending European Union (EU) money on ineligible projects and the Conservatives "mean-spirited" to use flood relief money to repay the wrongly used funds. The government blamed Labour's "mismanagement" of the money. Labour has been approached for comment. Local government minister Andrew Percy, revealed in a written statement that £15m EU Solidarity Funding received in respect of the winter 2015-16 floods would be "offset" by the £14.5m repayment. The UK was "legally obliged" to make the repayment because there had been "ineligible spending under the Labour administration" of 2007 funding. The remaining £500,000 was "only eligible to reimburse" the government for financial support given to affected areas, he said. Westmorland and Lonsdale MP Mr Farron said the two parties had "combined to deprive flood-hit areas of much needed funds". "Labour's overspending has hurt the North and all those affected by last year's floods," he said. "But it is the Conservative's mean-spiritedness which means they have chosen to use this money to pay the fine, instead of passing this money on to flood-affected areas and paying the fine from Treasury coffers." In response, Mr Percy said the government had delivered £300m to help flood-hit communities. "Liberal Democrats are misleading the public by suggesting there's some EU magic money tree," he said.
Stuart Clancy, a Conservative councillor on Broadland District Council in Norfolk, was arrested by police in September 2014. The Crown Prosecution Service said there was "insufficient evidence for there to be a realistic prospect of a conviction for any offence". The council, on which he represents Taverham South ward, welcomed the news. "We are very pleased that this issue has been resolved and Councillor Clancy can now put this difficult period behind him," said a spokeswoman. The council said the investigation was not connected to his council work.
The police force, which lost a High Court case in 2012, has already paid back £1.2m to the football club. The figures emerged after the court examined the latest stage of the dispute, for charges over three seasons between 2009 and 2012. The force said it would now work with the club to agree what money, "if anything", remains outstanding. Two years ago, the High Court ruled the force overcharged for "special police services" between 2009 and 2012. Leeds United had argued policing streets and car parks near its Elland Road ground was the force's responsibility and the club should not have to pay. The High Court ruled in the club's favour and West Yorkshire Police lost a subsequent appeal against the decision. The judge, Sir David Eady, said one area of dispute remaining related to how charges should be made for the 2012-13 and 2013-14 seasons. Revealing details of developments in the case in a written analysis, following a further hearing in June, the judge said both parties had failed to agree a formula to calculate the appropriate rebate. Sir David said the force had "repaid the rebate it thought due" and "claims now that no more is owed". Assistant Chief Constable Mark Milsom said: "West Yorkshire Police has already repaid the club £1,238,816 following the original judgment. "The ruling today makes clear that the force and the club should now work together to agree what, if anything, remains outstanding. "We welcome the opportunity to now meet with the club."
The figures have been released by the States after a question from Reform Jersey chairman, Deputy Sam Mezec. It came after it was revealed two civil servants spent £13,000 on flights to a mining conference in South Africa. The latest figures show Mike King and Wayne Gallichan have been to the conference every year since 2013, spending about £40,000 on flights. A spokesman for the Chief Minister's Department said: "States-wide reviews of travel policy and expenditure are underway. "The scope of these reviews encompass the travel spend of the whole of the public sector, including all government departments and the individuals within those departments." Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee, Deputy Andrew Lewis, said the procurement system did not seem to be working properly. "It is designed to save money, time and give a good audit trail. We've looked into it and it seems it does not do any of those three things," he said. "We need to find out how it is supposed to work and if it is not working how they are going to fix it." Both men have apologised and are facing an internal investigation. Other flights booked through the States procurement system have cost more than the £6,442 Mr Gallichan and Mr King spent travelling to South Africa. Colin Powell, the States Advisor on International Affairs flew to Hong Kong for a ministerial visit in 2011 for £6,852. The figures show the Chief Minister's Department spent £177,000 on flights costing more than a thousand pounds, with Economic Development spending £141,000 over five years. Among the pages of flight costs, one was for the Principle Legal Advisor to an anti-corruption conference in 2013 to Panama City. It cost £3,682.
Physicists hope it could lead to discoveries that could potentially represent the biggest revolution in physics since Einstein's theories of relativity. Among them is Prof Jordan Nash from Imperial College London, who is working on the CMS experiment at the LHC. "We are opening a new window on the Universe and looking forward to seeing what's there," he said. "As much as we have a lot of theories of what might be out there we don't know. We'd love to find something completely unexpected and we might, and that's the exciting bit." They want a glimpse into a world never seen before. By smashing atoms harder than they have been smashed before physicists hope to peel back another veil of reality. The aim of the various theories of physics is to explain how the Universe was formed and how the bits that make it up work. One of the most successful of these theories is called the "Standard Model". It explains how the world of the very, very small works. Just as the world became very strange when Alice shrunk after drinking a potion in the children's book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, physicists have found things are quite different when they study the goings on at scales that are even smaller than the size of an atom. By doubling the energy of the LHC, it will enable them to discover new characters in the wonderful and mysterious tale of how the Universe works and came to be. The Standard Model describes how the basic building blocks that make up atoms and the forces of nature interact. And just as in Alice's stories it features some eccentric characters, notably a family of 17 elementary particles. Some are familiar from school physics lessons, household names if you like. One of the best known in the sub-atomic world is perhaps the electron, which orbits the atom and is involved in electricity and magnetism. Another flashy A-lister is the photon, which is a particle of light. But most particles from the Standard Model family are more niche, a little more art house if you like, and have strange names. In fact, one of them is actually called "the strange quark". And others from this group of particles are named as if by thoughtless and unimaginative parents: "up", "down", "top" and "bottom" though "charm" does sound a little more, well, charming. A couple of these combine in various ways to form protons and neutrons, which along with electrons make up atoms from which the world is made. These are all members of a group called "fermions". And there is another group called the "bosons", that quite literally hold the place together. They are called the "force carriers" in physics text books and give rise to the forces of nature: electrical, magnetic and nuclear forces, which pull other particles together or push them apart. With the discovery of the sub-atomic world's biggest celeb of all, the Higgs boson, scientists have now detected all the particles predicted by the Standard Model: a theory that beautifully explains how the Universe works in intricate detail. Or so scientists thought. It is incomplete. For a long time physicists thought that their Standard Model theory could explain almost everything. Then came two phenomena that showed that it explained hardly anything. First was the observation that galaxies are rotating much more quickly than they should. The faster a galaxy rotates the more material it contains. The observations suggested that they contain five times more material than could be detected. This invisible material has been called "dark matter" which physicists believe accounts for a quarter of the Universe. Second was the observation that galaxies were accelerating apart from each other driven by an even more mysterious force that the researchers who discovered it called "dark energy". So all in all the Standard Model, brilliant though it is at explaining how our tiny corner of the cosmos works can't account for how the remaining 95% of the Universe works. Even then, of the 5% it is good for it can't explain gravity. And, just as the erstwhile poster child of physics slinks off to find a place to curl up and quietly weep, comes the biggest humiliation of all: it can't explain why the Universe exists at all. Shortly after the Big Bang there were equal amounts of matter, from which all the atoms, stars and planets are made and anti-matter. Moments later the two should have cancelled each other out, as ripples sometimes do when meeting in a pond, to create a gigantic blast of energy and then, nothing but light. Our very existence demonstrates that clearly this did not happen. You might have thought that this was bad news for physics - but actually physicists such as Prof Nash couldn't be more excited. "It's our biggest opportunity in a generation to find out what's the next step, where do we go from here and how do we explain the things we don't understand about the composition of the Universe." That is what physicists are hoping for. With the Large Hadron Collider set to double its energy, physicists hope that they will discovery weirder and even more wonderful particles that will point the way to a new more complete theory of sub-atomic physics. In other words a sequel, with new even more bizarre characters and with no doubt some twists and turns in the plot. Book two has the working title of: "Beyond the Standard Model". Scientists hope to find evidence of the invisible "stuff" called dark matter: the unseen Cheshire Cat behind the grin of the visible Universe we see around us. There are lots of different theories for what the cat might look like. Among them is an idea called supersymmetry or "Susy" for short. This idea predicts new particles that are invisible partners of the ones we know already about. One of these could be dark matter. Another idea is that dark matter could be explained by the wonderfully evocatively named "dark sector". This comprises shadowy new particles that don't obey the same forces as everything else but cannot easily be detected. They might be the invisible culprits that have been making our galaxies rotate faster than they should. Researchers will also be looking to find particles that are manifestations of extra-dimensions that we cannot detect but are predicted in some theories that extend the Standard Model to incorporate gravity. And the LHCb experiment will be studying the differences between matter and anti-matter in unprecedented detail. Who knows, but possibly one of the biggest changes in thinking in physics for 100 years. Researchers, such as Prof Tara Shears of Liverpool University who is working on the LHCb experiment hope to have their first taste of so-called "new physics: a set of discoveries that will radically transform the theories of physics and our knowledge of how the Universe works. "If I could have just one outcome form the next run of the LHC this would be it," she explained with a far away look in her eyes. "It would be to make a discovery so unexpected that it doesn't fit with any of our theories, something that would show us that we have been on the wrong track in our efforts to understand the way that the forces of nature work, the way that matter is composed, something that will knock our heads sideways to make us come from a new direction. "And that would be the paradigm shift and that shift, in my dreams would lead us to a much deeper understanding of the Universe. "It would be wonderful if we could make a head start that would point us in the right direction." The sub-atomic world is set to become "curiouser and curiouser". Follow Pallab on Twitter
But the manager of the restaurant, called Halal KFC, said it had nothing to do with the US company. Police justified the decision saying it was operating under a false licence. The closure comes amid concerns amongst hardliners about growing Western influence in Iran as relations with a number of countries improve. "The shutting down of Halal KFC was due to a misunderstanding," Abbas Pazuki, the manager of Halal KFC, told the Tasnim News Agency. He said police had thought the restaurant was a branch of the American KFC. "We are part of a brand known as Halal KFC, which comes from Turkey. It belongs to Muslims and its target market is Muslim nations," said Pazuki. He said the Turkish brand was a "rival of the American KFC". Earlier reports suggested the authorities closed down the first branch in Tehran of the better known KFC. Ali Fazeli, head of the Iranian chamber of commerce, confirmed that the Iranian KFC has no connection with KFC in the US, according to ILNA press agency. "In accordance with orders from the Supreme Leader, we do not give any authorisation to Western brands" in the fast food sector, Fazeli said. The state media reported the opening of the restaurant as a first sign of creeping US influence, the BBC's Kasra Naji says. Hardliners believe the recent agreement on curbing Iran's nuclear programme, reached between Iran and Western powers, may become a vehicle for softening Iran's anti-Americanism, opening the floodgates of foreign influences, our correspondent adds. Several Western countries are seeking closer business ties with Tehran following the agreement.
Bilel Ayadi, 34, who is in a medically-induced coma, has been unable to tell detectives how he sustained burns to his torso and neck. He was found walking in Finsbury Park, north London, on 23 March. Mr Ayadi had walked bare-chested for about two miles, police said. He was found in Woodberry Grove at about 22:30 GMT by two security guards, who called police. Appealing for information, Det Con Anwen Clissold said Mr Ayadi would have "been very distinctive". "It may well be that he was already injured as he made his way through the streets," she said. "We are still trying to establish what has caused his burns but what we do know is that a young man has sustained some very serious injuries. I need to find out how." Mr Ayadi's brother, Abderrezak Ayadi, said: "Bilel is my brother and at this moment he is lying in hospital with terrible injuries. "Imagine if this was someone from your family. We just need to find out exactly what happened to him." Algerian national Mr Ayadi, who has lived in the UK for the past six years, is described as 5ft 11in (1.8m) tall and of medium build.
Local photographer Ron Strathdee captured the phenomenon on Monday at about 23:30 BST. The glow is usually best seen from northern latitudes like Norway, Alaska, Iceland and northern Scotland. Mr Strathdee said seeing the Northrn Lights from Manx latitudes was "fairly unusual." They happen when incoming solar radiation hits the earth's upper atmosphere and excites atoms to a new energy state, emitting energy in the form of light. The photographer said: "I needed a place that faced north so went to Peel Hill and tried some shots over the castle which worked but half the fishing boats in the Irish Sea were discharging fish at the breakwater with enough floodlights to cover a football match! "Going round the front of the castle it was pitch dark and it looks straight north which was where the photos were taken."
This time last year rugby club Wasps was putting the final touches to its move from High Wycombe to Coventry, a 75 mile journey it hoped would transform it from a club losing more than £3m a year into a thriving leisure business. As part of its relocation Wasps did not just move into, but acquired, the Ricoh Arena stadium complex in the West Midlands city for £20m. The fact that the Barbadian artist - famous for hit singles like Umbrella, We Found Love, and Diamonds - is kicking off her high-profile tour in their stadium is a source of pride to club executives, and an indication of how far financially as well as geographically they have come. It also illustrates how the Premiership club sees its new commercial model as being as much about leisure as it is about sport. "The entertainment side is where we see the biggest commercial growth," Wasps Group chief executive David Armstrong tells me. It was 13 months ago that Wasps, then based in Buckinghamshire, announced they would play their home games at the Ricoh Arena, completing the stadium purchase a month later. Their first game as owners of their new home was a win against London Irish in December 2014. A year on, the club is no longer the tenant of Wycombe Wanderers football club, but a multi-venue, multi-use business. Moving a major sporting "franchise" lock, stock and barrel from one city to another is not uncommon in the United States, but in the more conservative UK, such uprooting is greeted with suspicion. "The primary reason for moving was commercial," Mr Armstrong said, speaking to the BBC at the annual Rugby Expo conference at Twickenham. "We were looking to create a stable long-term business model that would take us forward over the next 250 years," he adds, referring to the length of their Ricoh lease. "With our previous business model, we were losing in the region of £3m to £4m a year. Our only revenue then was ticket sales. Food and beverage sales went to the football club, while other revenue went to our sponsors. "We were a shell of a club, and couldn't be competitive and make money." As well as its new income strands, earlier this year, the club raised £35m with the issue of a seven-year bond, paying a fixed gross rate of interest of 6.50% a year until 2022 . Funds raised were used to restructure the club balance sheet and pay down existing debt, including loans acquired with the Ricoh Arena. According to Mr Armstrong the banks backed the bond issue because of the strength of the club's various income strands. Ownership of the Ricoh Stadium complex gives Wasps control over other income streams, not just from rugby matches. As well as the main sports stadium bowl, the purchase also saw the club acquire the indoor 12,000-standing-capacity Jaguar Exhibition Hall, which hosts smaller music concerts, and can also be hired for trade shows, company presentations and other business use. And the Ricoh also contains three restaurants, five bars, 20 retail units, one of the biggest casinos in England, and a 121 bed hotel. Meanwhile, football club Coventry City football club, currently top of League One, are paying tenants. "We are now a full end-to-end leisure brand, hosting conferences, banqueting, concerts, but headed by the rugby club," says Mr Armstrong. "The important thing is that the other income strands give financial stability to the rugby team, they wrap around it." He said that before the club moved it carried out thorough research, which showed an appetite within the West Midlands region, home to about five million people, for top-flight rugby . "So we knew there was a potential fan base before we arrived in the area," Mr Armstrong says. "The West Midlands, although it has a strong rugby union heritage, has never had a Premiership club." He adds: "In addition, we were looking at what we thought was the ultimate stadium for rugby union. "It is not too big, not Manchester United-sized.  It is a 32,000 capacity, where crowds of 19,000 and 20,000 look comfortable. And it is also the right size for us to grow into as we extend our fan base." And the club, which currently sits eighth in the Premiership table after four games, has further expansion plans. Schemes in the pipeline include building a new training centre in the next year or two in the Coventry area, a second or even third hotel at the Ricoh complex, and a new 150,000 sq ft "multi-use leisure facility with retail, and food and beverage". There are also plans for an expanded Wasps rugby retail business in the West Midlands. Meanwhile, the club says it also wants to provide a "compelling digital offer" not only for its rugby fans at the stadium (such as ordering food and drinks from your seat), but also for its other business customers who use the Ricoh facilities. "But we never lose sight of what we are," he adds. "We are a leading Premiership rugby club, and that will always be the heart of what do. "The revenue we make means we can invest in training centres, coaches, physios, players and salaries, to give ourselves the best possible chance on the pitch." Dominic Hayes, commercial director of Premiership Rugby observes:  "I think the work that Wasps have done to up sticks and move city is a testament to the strength of the Wasps brand.  We have got to acknowledge there is some real strength there. "Similarly with the Wasps bond, that was on the strength of the Wasps brand, not the Ricoh." And, while other famous music acts have played in the main Ricoh Arena bowl in the past before Wasps took over, Mr Armstrong is particularly pleased at the Rihanna news. "For us it is important to get these big names... and it's nice to give a poke in the eye to Birmingham," he laughs.
In the programme, a man who said he too was a former IRA and Sinn Féin member turned British agent, alleged that the Sinn Féin leader approved the killing of Denis Donaldson in 2006. The former spy cannot be identified because of fears about his safety. Mr Donaldson was shot dead months after admitting that he had been an MI5 agent for more than 20 years. Three years later, the Real IRA said it was responsible. On Wednesday, Mr Adams said he "specifically and categorically" denied the allegations, describing them as "part of the British security agencies ongoing attempts to smear republicans and cover up their own actions". He said he would consider taking legal action against the BBC. "I've taken a number of cases against various periodicals, I got a number of corrections and apologies from a number of outlets," said Mr Adams. "If my legal advisers give me the type of guidance that I require, I will sue them. I'm not reluctant to sue. "That the BBC would broadcast unsubstantiated allegations from an anonymous person, a self-confessed agent, about me, I think it's very, very low journalism indeed." Mr Adams said there was a need for all agencies to "fully co-operate with the ombudsman's investigation into the role of the police in the events that led to the killing of Denis Donaldson and for the Gardaí to expedite their investigation to bring those responsible to justice." The Sinn Féin leader said he would "continue to support the family of Mr Donaldson to achieve truth and justice". Mr Donaldson had worked for Sinn Féin as a senior administrator at Stormont. He was killed at a remote Donegal cottage in 2006. What Spotlight was told Agent: I know from my experience in the IRA that murders have to be approved by the leadership. They have to be given approval by the leadership of the IRA and the military leadership of the IRA. Presenter: Who are you specifically referring to? Agent: Gerry Adams, he gives the final say. The informer told Spotlight that murders had to be approved by the political and military leadership of the IRA. Days after Mr Donaldson's killing, the IRA said it was not involved in Mr Donaldson's death. But security sources have told Spotlight that intelligence received following the killing contradicted the IRA's denial. You can watch BBC Spotlight: Spy in the IRA now on BBC iPlayer.
At the time Laachraoui was known as "Abou Idriss", a lawyer for two of the ex-hostages told French media. The hostages were freed in April 2014. Laachraoui and Ibrahim el-Bakraoui died when they attacked Brussels Zaventem airport a month ago. Their bombs and a third in the metro killed 32 people. The confirmation about Laachraoui's role as an IS prison guard in Syria came from lawyer Marie-Laure Ingouf. Laachraoui was a 24-year-old Belgian electrical engineer from the Brussels suburb of Schaerbeek. He had links to the jihadists who attacked Paris in 2015. The French daily Le Parisien reports that Laachraoui kept watch over the four Frenchmen with Mehdi Nemmouche, the jihadist accused of killing four people at the Brussels Jewish Museum in May 2014. Nemmouche is now in Belgian custody. The Frenchmen - Didier Francois, Pierre Torres, Edouard Elias and Nicolas Henin - spent 10 months in IS captivity. They had been captured in June 2013. Laachraoui and Nemmouche disappeared at the end of January 2014, according to the ex-hostages.
The 24-year-old, whose Colchester contract was due to run out this summer, has agreed a deal until 2017. He has scored 14 times in 29 games for the League One strugglers this season, having started the campaign with a career tally of 25 goals. "I enjoyed my time at Colchester, but my ultimate goal was to move back up the leagues," he told the club website. "This is a great opportunity to do that with a team heading in the right direction. "I got the call on Thursday and I was down here that night, got the medical done, and I was signing Friday morning." Sears will be competing with Daryl Murphy, David McGoldrick and Noel Hunt for a place in Mick McCarthy's side. The former England Under-21 international began his career with West Ham and was tipped for big things after scoring the winning goal on his debut for the Hammers, aged 18, in a 2-1 Premier League victory over Blackburn in March 2008. However, he was unable to establish a regular place in the side and had loan spells at Crystal Palace, Coventry and Scunthorpe, before joining Colchester three years ago. Promotion-chasing Ipswich, third in the Championship, allowed striker Conor Sammon to end his loan spell from Derby this week to join Rotherham. Colchester, who are 22nd in League One, must now face a relegation battle without their top scorer. "We have already made inquiries into the availability of a number of players and we will continue to do that," said boss Tony Humes on the search for a replacement.
Media playback is not supported on this device Cook, 32, resigned in February and in his first match under replacement Joe Root made 69 as England defeated South Africa by 211 runs at Lord's. "I was having a laugh watching him in the field, running around in the covers," said Bayliss. "He looked like he was enjoying it. For someone at this stage of his career, that's a good sign." Like Cook before him, Root began his reign as captain with a victory, scoring 190 in the first innings to help rescue England from 76-4. At 26, the Yorkshire batsman had only captained in four previous first-class matches before taking on the England job. "Before this Test he was a little more on edge than I've seen him before," said Bayliss. "We spoke about Joe being himself, getting the message across in his way. "He's proactive and confident and I thought that came across in the way he led the team. "Root and Cook are different characters, they go about their batting in different fashion, so the dressing room was a little different. A lot of the messages were similar, just delivered in a different way." England have named an unchanged 12-man squad for the second Test of the four-match series against the Proteas at Trent Bridge, which begins on Friday. That means the balance of the team is likely to remain the same, with left-arm spinner Liam Dawson continuing alongside Moeen Ali, who took 10 wickets at Lord's. "The combination we had you could pretty much pick on any type of wicket," added Australian Bayliss, who further clarified Moeen's role in the team after saying on Sunday he thought his man-of-the-match performance could be a "watershed" moment. "He wants to be in the team as a batter who bowls a little bit, so that is what we have chosen him as," said Bayliss. "Mo is a bit of a complex character at times, so it's more for his benefit than anything. It takes the pressure off him. It doesn't mean he can't be the best spinner, but his number one job is to bat. "This Test was probably a sign that this is the best way to go with him." Media playback is not supported on this device By BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew Alastair Cook looks like has he gulped in a huge breath of fresh air by giving up the captaincy. I interviewed him on the fourth morning and was able to draw a comparison between the Cook of now and the Cook I spoke to after the fifth Test against India in Chennai last year. It was like a different man. Cook will not be a grumpy old pro, chuntering in the corner as the team move on. He will enjoy his cricket and bat the way he does. The 69 he made in the second innings was classic Cook - playing nicely without taking the attack apart. With his schedule - no one-day internationals - he could play Tests for a long time to come. Read more from Jonathan Agnew here.
The woman, who has not been identified, was working in the city with a non-governmental organisation. Police said she was asleep when a security guard at the hotel where she was staying entered her room and attacked her. The woman is receiving treatment for cuts and bruises, and legal assistance. Doctors told reporters that the woman was in stable condition and had been visited in hospital by the district magistrate. According to police, she had been visiting Varanasi for more than 40 years and would stay there for long periods of time. Scrutiny of sexual violence in India has grown since the 2012 gang rape and murder of a student on a Delhi bus. However, brutal sexual attacks against women and children continue to be reported across the country.
Rose Polge, 25, from Torbay, has not been seen since Friday evening. Her car was found in a car park near Ansteys Cove in Devon. Police said it was "totally out of character" for the young woman and are concerned for her welfare. More than 100 people have been involved in the search operation, including her boyfriend and family. Devon and Cornwall Police, a Coastguard helicopter and search and rescue helicopter have assisted with the operation, as well as Teignmouth RNLI lifeboat, Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service and Dartmoor Search and Rescue Team. Torbay Hospital on-call Director Martin Ringrose said: "We are aware that one of our junior doctors is missing. "Our thoughts are with her family and loved ones at this very distressing time. "We will do whatever we can to support the authorities investigating her disappearance and searching for her, as well as providing support to her colleagues, who are anxious for her wellbeing." A police spokesperson said: "We are searching for a missing person and we are extremely concerned for her welfare. The conditions have been rough since she was reported missing. "We are working with the Coastguard and other agencies." A statement released by UK Coastguard said they had been called to support the police operation at 6.20pm on February 12. Torbay, Teignmouth and and Berry Head Coastguards have been involved in the search. Police are appealing for the public to contact them with any information or sightings of Dr Polge.
It says Tariq al-Harzi was responsible for co-ordinating suicide bombings in Iraq and moving weapons from Libya to Syria. The US had offered a $3m (Â£1.9m) reward for the man it called the "emir of suicide bombers". IS has not commented on the reports of his death. Harzi was allegedly killed in the northern-eastern Syrian town of Shaddadi on 16 June. The US Treasury Department had placed him on a sanctions list after designating Harzi as a "global terrorist". It is thought that he had assisted foreign fighters from the UK, Albania, and Denmark. He also raised funds for the group, including $2m from a single Qatar-based donor. A Pentagon spokesman said Harzi's death was a blow to Islamic State. "His death will impact [IS's] ability to integrate foreign terrorist fighters into the Syrian and Iraqi fight as well as to move people and equipment across the border between Syria and Iraq," Capt Jeff Davis said in a statement. In June the Pentagon said it had killed Harzi's brother in a drone strike. Ali al-Harzi was a person of interest in the investigation of the 2012 bombing of the US consulate in Benghazi in Libya. The US says he was killed in a drone strike in the IS stronghold of Mosul in northern Iraq.
Jon McLaughlin made several smart stops before Chris O'Grady tapped in against his old club to put the Brewers ahead. The Millers had been on top but fell further behind when John Brayford crossed for Jackson Irvine to head in. Tom Adeyemi reacted fastest to a save to pull one back, but Rotherham lacked the quality to find an equaliser. Relive Burton's victory at Rotherham as is happened Defeat leaves the Yorkshire side, led by caretaker-boss Paul Warne, 10 points from safety, while Burton move up two places to 19th. It was a first away triumph of the season for Nigel Clough's side while O'Grady's goal was his first in 389 days, as he was on hand to score after Lewis Price spilled a shot. Burton full-back Brayford spent several minutes being treated after a head injury, but came back on to assist Irvine before being replaced at the interval. Rotherham were chasing back-to-back Championship wins for the first time this season, but they have now conceded 52 league goals. Darnell Fisher volleyed wide and Izzy Brown could not find the target from inside the area as the hosts pressed, in vain, for a point. Burton manager Nigel Clough: "We didn't play anywhere near as well as we did at Aston Villa on Boxing Day but we battled away for three points. "It was tough coming here, we knew that they would have their tails up. We knew they would come out and cause us problems and they did. "The only disappointment was that we conceded just before half-time and that gave them a chance, they put us under a lot of pressure in the second half. "The timing in the year we didn't want to go into the new year without an away win. It is important psychologically to not be in the bottom three going into the new year." Rotherham's caretaker boss Paul Warne: "We played really well. We were the better team and, with respect to Burton, I thought they came for a point. "I love my lads but with the greatest of respect to them, they aren't used to playing against and having to break down two banks of four. "Did they underachieve in the scoreline? Yes. But did they underachieve in the performance? No, I don't think they did. "They are devastated, it will be tough to pick them up. But I don't believe we are relegated, I still think we have got a chance. "If I didn't then I would tell the chairman to get a different caretaker in." Match ends, Rotherham United 1, Burton Albion 2. Darnell Fisher (Rotherham United) is shown the yellow card. Second Half ends, Rotherham United 1, Burton Albion 2. Corner,  Rotherham United. Conceded by Tom Flanagan. Foul by Isaiah Brown (Rotherham United). Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Shaun Barker (Burton Albion) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Lee Frecklington (Rotherham United) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Shaun Barker (Burton Albion). Substitution, Burton Albion. Shaun Barker replaces Matthew Palmer. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) because of an injury. Foul by Peter Odemwingie (Rotherham United). Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Danny Ward (Rotherham United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Corner,  Rotherham United. Conceded by Tom Flanagan. Attempt saved. Peter Odemwingie (Rotherham United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Substitution, Rotherham United. Dexter Blackstock replaces Joe Mattock. Darnell Fisher (Rotherham United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Tom Naylor (Burton Albion). Offside, Burton Albion. Lloyd Dyer tries a through ball, but Lucas Akins is caught offside. Foul by Aimen Belaid (Rotherham United). Marcus Myers-Harness (Burton Albion) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed. Lee Frecklington (Rotherham United) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Substitution, Rotherham United. Greg Halford replaces Tom Adeyemi. Attempt missed. Isaiah Brown (Rotherham United) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Peter Odemwingie. Corner,  Rotherham United. Conceded by Damien McCrory. Damien McCrory (Burton Albion) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Peter Odemwingie (Rotherham United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Damien McCrory (Burton Albion). Joe Newell (Rotherham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Lucas Akins (Burton Albion). Attempt saved. Peter Odemwingie (Rotherham United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Lee Frecklington. Matthew Palmer (Burton Albion) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Lee Frecklington (Rotherham United). Lucas Akins (Burton Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Burton Albion. Conceded by Joe Mattock. Offside, Rotherham United. Aimen Belaid tries a through ball, but Peter Odemwingie is caught offside. Substitution, Burton Albion. Marcus Myers-Harness replaces Chris O'Grady. Attempt missed. Darnell Fisher (Rotherham United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right.
The 6ft 4ins midfielder was recommended to the club by former Walsall and Bermuda striker Kyle Lightbourne. The 18-year-old has been training with the League One Saddlers since appearing in a development squad match in April. "I've loved it here, the way the club has treated me," he said. "And how the players have welcomed me straight in." Butterfield will initially work under the vastly experienced John Ward, Walsall's professional development coach. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Gemma Flanagan rolled herself down the catwalk for the first time at a London fashion event on Wednesday. "It was so amazing to do it and not fall off. My biggest worry was I'd roll off the end or the side," she said. Before an illness left her unable to walk, she worked as an air hostess and part-time model. "I surprisingly felt just as confident as I have done in the past which, considering it was the first one in my chair, I wasn't sure how I'd cope with. "When you're walking you can kind of have a little strut and do your thing. That's what I was worried about - not being able to show the clothes off as well. "The designer's just so pleased with how I showcased their items and at the end of the day that's what modelling's about." The fashion show was planned by the group Models of Diversity which campaigns for the fashion and beauty industries to represent diversity, and took place at the Ideal Home Show in London's Olympia. Gemma, who is celebrating her 32nd birthday this week, wants using disabled models to be the norm. "The more people that are open to using models with disabilities then the more people will see it as normal. "We've all been in campaigns that have been a one-off for companies and a lot of them aren't paid either. "It would be good to use models with disabilities just as models, not as one-offs - we're better than that," she says. As for her future, she says: "I've got a hair show in May and a couple of shoots lined up with local photographers. "I want to do a lot more using my chair. I'm in it near enough all of the time now. Part of me doing this show was to embrace myself and embrace the fact that the chair isn't the enemy anymore. "It's basically seeing past the metal and the wheels and just saying, 'that's a gorgeous model' rather than 'a girl in a chair'." In 2011 Gemma was diagnosed with Guillain-BarrÃ© Syndrome, a serious condition which affects the nervous system. She spent seven months in rehab trying to learn to speak, write and walk again. Recently though she says she's found it harder to walk with crutches and has become increasingly reliant on her wheelchair. "When I got ill they were hoping I'd make a full recovery," she said. "But I've started getting worse again and the consultant thinks this may be the best I'm ever going to be. "I've been a bit up and down, but now I feel OK mostly. "I want to show other people they don't need to be defined by their disabilities." Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
Chinese electronics firm Hangzhou Xiongmai issued the recall soon after its cameras were identified as aiding the massive web attacks. They made access to popular websites, such as Reddit, Twitter, Spotify and many other sites, intermittent. Security experts said easy-to-guess default passwords, used on Xiongmai webcams, aided the hijacking. The web attack enrolled thousands of devices that make up the internet of things - smart devices used to oversee homes and which can be controlled remotely. In a statement, Hangzhou Xiongmai said hackers were able to take over the cameras because users had not changed the devices' default passwords. Xiongmai rejected suggestions that its webcams made up the bulk of the devices used in the attacks. "Security issues are a problem facing all mankind," it said. "Since industry giants have experienced them, Xiongmai is not afraid to experience them once, too." It has also pledged to improve the way it uses passwords on its products and will send customers a software patch to harden devices against attack. The recall affects all the circuit boards and components made by Hangzhou Xiongmai that go into webcams. It is not clear how effective the recall will be in reducing the numbers of vulnerable devices hackers can call on to mount attacks. Yes, and it probably will. The smart devices making up the IoT are proving very popular with the malicious hackers who make their living by selling attack services or extorting cash by threatening firms with devastating attacks. Before the rise of the IoT it was tricky to set up a network of hijacked machines as most would be PCs that, generally, are more secure. Running such a network is hard and often machines had to be rented for a few hours just to carry out attacks. Now anyone can scan the net for vulnerable cameras, DVRs and other gadgets, take them over and start bombarding targets whenever they want. For the same reason you would care if your car was stolen and used by bank robbers as a getaway vehicle. And because if your webcam, printer or DVR is hijacked you have, in effect, allowed a stranger to enter your home. Hackers are likely to start using these gadgets to spy on you and scoop up valuable data. It's worth taking steps to shut out the intruders. Not easily. Many of the devices being targeted are hard to update and the passwords on some, according to one report, are hard-coded which means they cannot be changed. There is also the difficulty of identifying whether you are using a vulnerable product. A lot of IoT devices are built from components sourced from lots of different places. Finding out what software is running on them can be frustrating. Also, even if recalls and updates are massively successful there will still be plenty of unpatched devices available for malicious hackers to use. Some manufacturers of cheaper devices have refused to issue updates meaning there is a ready population of vulnerable gadgets available. Because security costs money and electronics firms want to make their IoT device as cheap as possible. Paying developers to write secure code might mean a gadget is late to market and is more expensive. Plus enforcing good security on these devices can make them harder to use  - again that might hit sales. Despite this, many industry bodies are trying to draw up standards that enforce good security habits. Unfortunately, these initiatives are taking time to have any impact, meaning there are millions of insecure devices already installed and working. Right now, we don't know. Some hacker groups have claimed responsibility but none of their claims are credible. We might never know because the vulnerable devices making up the IoT attack network are changing hands regularly as rivals scramble to gain control of as many as they can. In one sense the large web attacks are marketing exercises which show how effective a particular network of bots can be when turned against a target. Competition among rival bot operators is ferocious so a successful attack can be a good way to impress potential customers. It might also persuade victims of extortion emails to pay up rather than risk being knocked out.
An estimated 1,000 properties are at risk in Kendal and about 600 in Egremont after river levels rose. Overnight rain was not as heavy as expected said the Environment Agency, but its 12 severe flood warnings for Cumbria and Lancashire remain in place on Sunday. People in parts of Kendal and Egremont have been advised to leave and stay with their family or friends. Police in Cumbria have warned drivers to avoid unnecessary journeys. BBC reporter Andy Gill, in Grasmere, said many roads in the area had minor flooding. A severe flood warning indicates a danger to life. Lower level flood warnings and alerts have been issued for large parts of northern England and Wales. Further heavy rain is expected across Cumbria, other parts of north-west England and south-west Scotland on Sunday. That rain will fall on already saturated ground, which increases the flood risk. Reception centres opened at Kendal Town Hall and West Lakes Academy in Egremont throughout Saturday night, but Dave Hughes, chairman of Kendal Mountain Rescue, said not everyone had been willing to leave their homes. "Some people decided to stay at home. You can understand that people may be reluctant to leave their beds," he said.
Thomas Wainwright was on the wrong side of the road and travelling at speeds of up to 95mph in his Maserati hire car, just minutes before the crash. The 27-year-old ploughed into the Berlingo van driven by Theresa Wade, 29, on Mull in October 2015. The court heard Wainwright had been drinking cider and whisky for eight and a half hours before the crash. He will be sentenced next month. During the trial Wainwright and his passenger,  42-year-old Jerome Lopez, had claimed that Miss Wade had been on the wrong side of the road and caused the accident but the jury did not believe them. Witnesses from Mull told how Wainwright, who was with Mr Lopez, his mother's partner, had been drinking at a hotel, a pub and a distillery in Tobermory before having another two pints of cider in the Craignure Inn. As he headed back towards Tobermory on the wrong side of the road his hire car smashed into the van driven by Miss Wade. The court heard Wainwright was on Mull, along with members of his family, visiting his sick grandmother. He had flown into Edinburgh airport and hired the Maserati. Prosecutor Tim Niven-Smith revealed that Wainwright, who worked as the first officer on the Â£6.26m yacht MY Mahogany based in the south of France, had a previous conviction for driving while unfit through drink or drugs. At a court in Nice he was fined 700 euros and given a suspended sentence. Judge John Morris remanded Wainwright in custody and banned him from driving.
The UK financial regulator will hand out the fine to the bank over the issue of inappropriate mortgage advice to customers. The FCA is expected to release further details of its ruling on Wednesday. RBS, which is 81% owned by the UK taxpayer, declined to comment. This latest fine will be another setback for chief executive Ross McEwan, whose troubled bank made a £8.2bn loss last year. RBS has already been fined £390m for its part in the rate fixing scandal involving the London interbank offered rate (Libor) and has allocated £3.2bn to compensate customers mis-sold loan insurance.
Spanish official David Fernandez Borbalan ruled out a late Shane Duffy winner and waved away penalty appeals. West Brom's McClean described the referee as "Austria's 12th man" while O'Neill said the Spanish official was "very poor" in the Aviva Stadium game. Fifa has begun disciplinary processes. A Fifa spokesman told the BBC they are probing remarks made by both men and it is understood manager and player have until Friday to respond to the charges. As well as ruling out Duffy's header, Borbalan also decided against giving the Republic a penalty when Jon Walters went down under a challenge from Stefan Lainer. "It should count, the referee should have given the goal," the manager said of Duffy's header. "I personally think it typified the referee's performance. "The lineman thinks he has given a goal and he's almost up at the halfway line before he is called back." The Football Association of Ireland declined to make any comment when contacted on Wednesday. Fifa stated: "We can confirm that disciplinary proceedings have been opened. "Be informed that two cases were opened: one against James McClean and another one against the coach Martin O'Neill." A spokesman for the world governing body said there will be no further comment as the matter is ongoing.
They have until 20:00 local time (19:00 GMT) on Tuesday to leave the southern part of the sprawling camp. Anyone remaining will be forcibly removed to allow for the makeshift structures there to be  razed. The area has become a cultural hub for many of the migrants. It has shops, a school and religious structures. The authorities said up to 1,000 people could be affected but volunteers on the ground estimated that at least twice that number lived in the area. Thousands of migrants from the Middle East and Africa have congregated around Calais in the hope of crossing to the UK.
The 0.2% drop in new home construction compared with a 6.1% increase in the previous quarter. Overall, total construction output fell by 2.1% in the quarter, the Office for National Statistics said, worse than an initial estimate of a 1.8% contraction. The UK housing market has been slowing over the past few months. On Thursday, the latest survey from the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) said that the number of new buyers approaching its estate agency members in England and Wales had fallen for the seventh month in a row. However, a recent survey of the UK construction sector suggested that activity had picked up again in January. And Howard Archer, an economist at IHS Global Insight, noted that while housebuilding had dipped in the final quarter of 2014, it was still up 18.7% from a year earlier. "The outlook seems largely decent for the construction sector in 2015, although it will likely expand at a slower rate than in 2014," Mr Archer said. "Meanwhile, prospects still look relatively bright overall for housebuilding, even if the growth rate is unlikely to regain the heady levels seen earlier in 2014."
The targeted area is controlled by the so-called Islamic State group and has been under heavy bombardment from government-aligned forces. Dozens of people are said to have been killed during the combined assaults. IS members recaptured the city on Sunday, hours after Russian air strikes appeared to have driven them back. Sources in Hama province reported seeing dead bodies with no visible injuries, according to the UK-based group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The death toll was put at at least 40 by one citizens' group in Hama province. The Syrian government and its Russian backers have previously denied using chemical weapons. IS was previously driven out of the ancient desert city of Palmyra in March with the support of Russian air strikes, but the jihadist group seized it again in a sudden assault that started last week. The surprise setback for Syrian government forces came as they and their allies turned their attention to fighting local opposition forces in Aleppo and Damascus. IS destroyed a number of monuments and beheaded the archaeological director during its 10-month occupation of the Unesco World Heritage site and the adjacent city of Tadmur. Two 2,000-year-old temples, an arch and funerary towers were left in ruins. The jihadist group, which has also demolished several pre-Islamic sites in neighbouring Iraq, believes that such structures are idolatrous.
It currently has an outstanding balance of £7.7m to pay between now and 2045 - 30 years after the first trains ran between Tweedbank and Edinburgh. However, it has now agreed to borrow money to pay off the balance in a move estimated to save about £4.3m. Council leader David Parker said it would reduce the burden on local tax payers. He said the local authority had access to very low rates on its borrowing. "When officers have looked very carefully at the financial issues around it, it makes sense to make that saving," he said. "That is exactly what we will be doing now. "For future councils we are reducing the revenue burden on them and making sure that the railway contribution is paid."
The Grammy award-winning artist said in a statement that he was choosing to "make a political stand". He said reports of summary executions in the Philippines were "unacceptable to anyone who loves the rule of law". President Rodrigo Duterte has vowed to eradicate drugs and urged citizens to kill dealers who resist arrest. He was elected in May. In his previous role as mayor of Davao city, Mr Duterte built a reputation for blunt speaking and supporting the extrajudicial killings of suspected criminals. James Taylor, 68, was scheduled to have played in the capital Manila next February. "I don't think of my music as being particularly political but sometimes one is called upon to make a political stand," he said in a Facebook post. "For a sovereign nation to prosecute and punish, under the law, those responsible for the illegal trade in drugs is, of course, understandable, even commendable; but recent reports from the Philippines... are deeply concerning and unacceptable to anyone who loves the rule of law." Fans reacted with disappointment, but many praised the singer for his "integrity in adopting a principled stand". "Thank you for your stand. I will miss seeing you perform but it's a small price to pay for standing up for one's principles," said Allan Victorino. Another Facebook user Patricia Lyons, said: "We all need to take a stand, speak out and act on our truth." But supporters of President Duterte criticised Taylor's "boycott" of their country. "It's not our loss if he decided to cancel the Manila leg of his tour, it's his. James Taylor has missed the opportunity to perform before thousands of Filipinos, given the fact that he's now in the twilight of his career," said Wendell Sotto. "Only fans will benefit from James Taylor's concert but good governance will benefit our entire nation," said Rendell Bata.
Premier, the maker of Mr Kipling cakes and Bisto gravy, this week revealed it had rejected two bids from McCormick. McCormick said in a statement on Thursday that it was now "willing to consider increasing its latest offer". Meanwhile Japanese noodle maker Nissin Foods has agreed to buy a 17.27% stake in Premier Foods. Nissin, which Premier describes as a "long-term shareholder", is expected to take a seat on the Premier board. McCormick, known for its Schwartz spices and Lawry's seasonings, first made a bid of 52p a share last month and then raised it to 60p a share on 14 March. Premier rejected it "on the basis that it significantly undervalued the company and its prospects". Now McCormick has said it may be prepared to increase its offer following "limited confirmatory due diligence", i.e. a review of Premier's pensions documentation, current trading and material contracts. McCormick said "it would be an outstanding custodian for the Premier Foods brands and, can provide benefits for Premier Foods, its pensioners, creditors and other stakeholders, which Premier Foods' current capital structure cannot deliver." Some shareholders are keen for Premier to seek a higher offer. David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life Investments, the fund arm of insurer Standard Life, which controls 7% of Premier, said: "Although we believe the 60p  bid indicated by McCormick is too low, we remain open to a bid at a higher level. "We expect the Premier Foods Board, on behalf of its shareholders, to engage with McCormick and pursue this option to the full." Premier shares have been on a roller coaster ride this week, soaring 50% on Wednesday following news of the McCormick bid, falling by more than 10% on Thursday on the announcement of the Nissin stake and then recouping nearly all their losses as McCormick said it might be prepared to pay more. Premier used to be one of the UK's biggest food groups but came unstuck when it expanded too fast, loading itself with debt. It has since sold off its Hovis bread business to the US-based Gores group, rebuilt its £20m production line at its Mr Kipling bakery in Barnsley and pushed through a £1.1bn refinancing package, which included a £353m rights issue. It still owns a range of household UK brands such as Ambrosia rice pudding, Oxo stock cubes and Batchelors soups. Premier is increasing its international operations following a recent co-operation deal with Nissin that allows Premier to distribute its products in the UK, while making its own products more widely available in key overseas markets. Nissin invented the first instant noodles in 1958 and operates in 19 countries. Its products include Cup Noodles and Top Ramen.
Nabila Nanfuka, 22, and Laurene-Danielle Jackson, 19, suffered fatal injuries while trying to leave the Lava and Ignite club in Northampton in 2011. The Independent Police Complaints Commission looked into police actions. An inquest found 14 DJ announcements in 30 minutes had been the most significant cause of overcrowding. About 900 students travelled to the club from around the country and the DJs called for universities to leave one after the other, often with just a few minutes between them. The IPCC investigation found it more than likely police had not been informed of the event and was only alerted when a large number of people began arriving at the club. The report said there is "sufficient evidence to suggest the decisions and actions of the police during the incident were appropriate". It added there was "no evidence of a criminal offence having been committed by any police officer". The report concluded that "every officer involved made a significant contribution to the effective policing of the tragedy". During an inquest last week, it was reported that a series of announcements reminding people not to miss their coaches had been made in the early hours of 19 October. The inquest jury concluded the second most significant factor was the lack of overall management of the cloakroom. The Crown Prosecution Service previously determined there would be no criminal charges brought against anyone following the incident. Ms Nanfuka, of Neasden, north London, was studying a leisure and tourism degree at the University of Northampton. She died at Northampton General Hospital on 19 October. Ms Jackson, of Wembley, was studying psychology at Kingston University and died at Leicester's Glenfield Hospital on 6 November.
The $100 (Â£80) Light Phone, a credit-card sized device which can only make and receive calls, received $415,000 (Â£334,000) from backers on Kickstarter. Calls made to the owner's smartphone are forwarded to the phone, which has no internet functionality, via an app. It was delayed by several months as the firm grappled with software issues. "We've run into a few limitations in our initial user experience goals due to some iOS restrictions," Light Phone said in a statement. "They are not going to affect the experience of being light, but will make turning on call forwarding a little bit more manual." The Brooklyn-based company also apologised for missing its June shipping deadline and said the first batch of 1,800 white versions of the device will ship this month. "We took on the ambitious task of building the software in-house with a small team in order to maintain ultimate control over the experience, however we regret not having methods for projecting accurate timelines," it added. The phone has been manufactured by Foxconn in China. Light Phone describes its product as a supplement phone, designed to help people "step away" from the distractions offered by smartphones when convenient. "The phone is a very casual phone - if you're expecting an urgent call from your pregnant wife you shouldn't bring your Light Phone with you," founder Joe Hollier told the BBC. It boasts 21 days of battery life and has no camera or contacts book, although users can programme 10 numbers to speed dial. A black version of the phone will ship in January, the firm added. The Light Phone contains a 2G micro Sim card for communicating with its "parent" smartphone but some backers are now expressing concerns on Kickstarter that the phone will not work in countries like Australia and Singapore where there are plans to switch off 2G. Joe Hollier said the firm had contacted backers in affected regions and offered them refunds. "Most people who launch a Kickstarter campaign set very ambitious targets about when they are going to ship," said analyst Ben Wood from CCS Insight. "The grim reality is that it's not just about delivering the product, there are lots of things that go around it, like CE marking, regulatory approval and standards testing. It all takes time and costs money. "A lot of consumer electronics projects find it takes a lot longer to get to market than they anticipated. For hardened Kickstarter enthusiasts this is regarded as the norm this days." Mr Wood also said Light Phone was entering a competitive marketplace. "It's an attractive design and a fun idea and will appeal to people who want to disconnect from the constant barrage of social media and everything else," he said. "I think the challenge they have is there's a huge number of small talk/text phones available out there for very little money."
The alleged attack happened at the Glenbourne unit, part of the Derriford Hospital site in Plymouth. Bester Mashayamombe, 50, from Plymouth, who is also accused of sexual assault by touching, is due to appear before Plymouth magistrates on 7 October. Plymouth Community Healthcare, which runs the unit, said it was "actively contributing" to the investigation. The unit cares for up to 46 patients with serious mental health disorders. It has previously been criticised for standards of care but in its latest inspection report in September 2013, the Care Quality Commission found the unit was doing well.
The UKIP leader tweeted he was "at a standstill for 90 minutes" while heading to Thursday's show in Bradford. Highways England said the the A1 northbound was closed in Nottinghamshire after a fatal crash. In 2014, Mr Farage missed a UKIP conference after getting stuck in traffic on the M4, which he blamed on high levels of immigration. A UKIP spokesman said on Thursday Mr Farage was being driven from his home in Kent to the show, which usually starts filming at about 20:30. He tweeted at 19:35 GMT: "Now been at a standstill for 90 mins on the A1. #bbcqt doubtful. Damn." Updates from this story and more from Nottinghamshire He was replaced on the show by his deputy leader Paul Nuttall, who travelled from Liverpool to face off against Energy Secretary Amber Rudd, Labour's Shabana Mahmood, Lib Dem president Baroness Brinton and political journalist Isabel Oakeshott. It was the first major televised debate following the announcement of David Cameron's draft EU reform proposals. Question Time producers tweeted: "We were making plans for @Nigel_Farage - but travel problems mean he'll be replaced by @paulnuttallukip. #bbcqt." Despite the late line-up change, the show was broadcast at 22:45, starting with a question on Mr Cameron's EU reforms. Mr Farage blamed his failure to turn up to a reception with supporters in Wales in 2014 on "open-door immigration". "It took me six hours and 15 minutes to get here - it should have taken three-and-a-half to four," he said at the time. On the day of the 2010 general election Mr Farage was involved in a plane crash that left him with broken ribs. Thursday's delays came when the A1 was closed northbound at Coddington following the crash at about 17:30, in which one man was killed.
The star told a Cannes press conference she likes to make "bold" choices, as if she were at the start of her career. Kidman said while she doesn't have to work, she does so because of her passion for cinema. The star of The Killing of the Sacred Deer, in competition at Cannes, said her young children will be banned from seeing the dark psychological thriller. Kidman has two grown-up children from her marriage to Tom Cruise and two younger daughters with her current husband singer Keith Urban. "My (younger) children have very little understanding of what me or my husband do. Their lives are obviously far more important!" She added: "I'm at that stage in my life where I still try to act as if I'm 21 and starting my career. "At this stage of my life, I'm just trying to stay very bold and open and try things and support film-makers I believe in." The Killing of the Sacred Deer features an eminent surgeon Steven Murphy - played by Colin Farrell -  who adopts a teenager into his family. Things start to go horribly wrong when the boy turns against Murphy. Kidman plays ophthalmologist Anna Murphy, who is married to Steven. It's directed by Yorgos Lanthimos, the Greek filmmaker behind indie hit The Lobster, which won the Jury Prize at Cannes two years ago. Farrell also starred in that film. Kidman said she was "hypnotised" by Lanthimos' script. She has four projects showing at the festival this year, but said: "That's a confluence of events - that's not something I was aware would be happening." Her other Cannes showings are in The Beguiled and How to Talk to Girls at Parties, as well as the second series of TV drama Top of the Lake, from Jane Campion. She singled out Campion for praise, saying she had been a friend of hers since the age of 14 and that "she discovered me, basically." Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Michael Young delivered his letter to Ms Sturgeon in person at Holyrood. His family is campaigning for the NHS to support the use of Translarna, a new drug available in other EU countries. The drug is currently being assessed by the Scottish Medicines Consortium (SMC), a process Ms Sturgeon said she could not interfere with. Michael, from Larbert in Stirlingshire, has Duchenne muscular dystrophy - a severe condition causing irreversible muscle damage. Few born with it survive to their 30th birthday. He took part in a clinical trial during the development of Translarna, a drug tackling the underlying causes of the disease which has been approved by the EU. Michael wrote to Ms Sturgeon explaining about his condition and asking for her to "help boys to keep walking". The first minister said she was able to explain to Michael that the assessment procedure had to be "entirely independent of government". She also criticised the pharmaceutical firm which developed the drug, PTC Therapeutics, for taking time to submit its proposal to the SMC. Ms Sturgeon said: "It was an absolute delight to meet Michael today, he's a really impressive and brave young man campaigning not just for himself but for other young boys with Duchenne. "We were disappointed that the pharmaceutical company took so long to put forward a submission on this drug to the Scottish Medicines Consortium and we have previously urged them to put forward a good quality submission with a fair offering of price. "This government has taken a number of significant steps to improve access to new treatments for patients with rare conditions." Robert Meadowcroft, chief executive of Muscular Dystrophy UK, said: "We are delighted that Michael was able to deliver his amazing, heartfelt letter to Nicola Sturgeon in person, an opportunity that doesn't come every day. "The meeting means a great deal to the Youngs, and other families who live with Duchenne muscular dystrophy across Scotland. "It is wonderful that the first minister gave up her time in support of Michael, and we hope their meeting will lead to positive discussions with the Scottish Medicines Consortium about Translarna." The Scottish Medicines Consortium is expected to come to a decision on the use of the drug in March.
The home side were all out for 249, having been 195-6 overnight, when Jarvis had Charlie Shreck lbw with the first ball after a long hold-up. Lancashire began their second innings 119 in front, but needing to press on to have a chance of a positive result. They lost Paul Horton and Karl Brown in reaching stumps on 39-2, a lead of 158. With so much time lost to the weather, a draw appears the only realistic result unless Lancashire collapse spectacularly on the final morning or skittle Leicestershire after setting them a target. Having begun play at 12:15 BST, only 13 overs were possible before the players were forced from the field again until 17:30 BST. Tom Wells was lbw to Jarvis in the first phase of play, but the key wicket of Mark Cosgrove for 79 went to former Leicestershire seamer Nathan Buck, who took 3-64. Leicestershire seamer Clint McKay: "The game is moving on quickly and you never know what's going to happen. "If we can bowl as well as we did last thing, and pick up two or three early wickets, suddenly it's a very different game." Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles: "There is still a lot to be done, and the first priority for us is to get a few more runs on the board and get a good lead. "We've not set any targets but there is enough in the pitch for wickets to fall pretty quickly and in clumps. "I just hope it's a clear day and it could be a fun day, all three results are possible."
Nigel Farage is wondering why, as Jonathan Portes has been pointing out, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures for migration to the UK from other EU countries is so much lower than the number of National Insurance numbers allocated to EU nationals. According to the most recent comparable statistics, migration to the UK from the rest of the EU was 257,000 in the year to September 2015, but during the same period, 655,000 EU nationals registered for National Insurance numbers (Ninos). Mr Farage smells a rat: "They are pulling the wool over our eyes. Ninos are a simple and clear reflection of the real numbers of people in this country, as without them you can neither legally work, nor claim benefits." Now the government has promised to tell us how many of the Ninos issued are still active - in other words, how many of the EU citizens who registered are currently paying UK tax or claiming benefits. But are Ninos a good measure of immigration? There is no question that the official immigration figures, based on a survey taken at ports and airports, are imprecise, with the ONS 95% confident that the immigration figure is within plus or minus 23,000 of the true figure. More importantly, though, the ONS figures only aim to measure long-term migration. They use the UN's definition of a long-term migrant as someone who moves country for a year or more. When it comes to National Insurance numbers, on the other hand, there is no minimum stay in the UK. Everyone who wants to work in the UK must have a National Insurance number, even if they're only working in the country for a few weeks. What's more, Ninos are unique to an individual, so once you've received one, it's yours forever. This means that not all those who HMRC reveal to be "active" will necessarily belong to people who have been in the country continuously since their number was issued - they could have left and returned. The ONS statistics also include people who are not planning to work or claim benefits, such as children or non-working partners. These people don't need a Nino when they arrive, but can apply for one in the future. This means someone registering for a Nino could have arrived at any time, not necessarily in the year or quarter in question. It's not hard to see how the two sets of figures would be different. The question is, should they vary this much, or is there a problem with the way the ONS currently gathers its data? HMRC has said it will work with the ONS to help reconcile all available sources of statistics, including Ninos, to ensure the figures are as accurate as possible. With this process rumbling on - and the latest immigration and Nino statistics due out on 26 May - this issue is sure to keep providing fuel for the EU debate, coming just a month before the referendum. Reality Check verdict: There are good reasons why the two numbers would be different, but they are strikingly far apart, and next month's figures showing how many of the numbers are active should help reconcile the two. READ MORE: The facts behind claims in the EU debate
Halai has scored 14 tries in 41 games for Wasps since arriving from Auckland Blues in January 2015. The 29-year-old has started only seven times this season for the Premiership leaders, scoring two tries. "Frank still has a big part to play for the club as we enter the business end of the season," director of rugby Dai Young told the club website. "His game-time has been limited this season due to the form of Christian Wade and the development of Josh Bassett, as well as Willie Le Roux coming on board, so it's a really competitive area."
Labour, Plaid Cymru and the Liberal Democrats opposed new thresholds on when strikes can take place. The vote against Conservative ministers' Trade Union Bill is not legally binding. The UK and Welsh governments disagree over whether the assembly's permission is needed before the new rules apply to public sector workers in Wales. The bill would require at least half of union members to take part in a ballot before a strike can happen. In public services such as health, education and the fire service, industrial action would need at least 40% of eligible union members to vote in favour. The Conservatives say the bill should apply to the whole of Britain, but Welsh government ministers say the assembly's consent is needed. On Tuesday, AMs withheld their approval of the bill by voting down a motion in the Senedd chamber. Labour has said it will try to overturn the bill if the UK government ignores the assembly' vote and pushes ahead. If returned to power at May's assembly election, Labour would introduce its own legislation to repeal the bill. Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews said: "In Wales we have a good record of resolving disputes. "There was no junior doctors' strike in Wales, there was in England. "Fire fighters took industrial action in England over pensions, they were not doing so in Wales. "In contrast, we believe this bill, the Trade Union Bill, will lead to a confrontational relationship between employers and the workforce." Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies said he supported the role of trade unions in standing up for members. But, referring to the general secretary of the Unite union, he said: "Where I will not stand up and support is for Len McCluskey, or his mob, to use you lot [Labour AMs] to live their ambitions." He added: "Where there is a discrepancy I would suggest is where general secretaries of unions choose to live their political dreams on the back of their members' subs, and that clearly is not acceptable."
The 23-year-old carded a final-round five-under-par 67 to finish on 11 under at the Trump National in New Jersey. Compatriot Choi Hye-Jin was two strokes behind in second, while China's Shanshan Feng, who held a one-shot lead overnight, went round in 75 to finish tied for fourth, five strokes adrift. A South Korean has won the US Open seven times in the past 10 years. Park told Fox Sports: "I did not have the best first and second rounds so I wanted to believe in myself in the remaining rounds. Trusting myself definitely helped." England's Charley Hull finished 11 strokes behind Park on level par, with Scotland's Catriona Matthew a further six shots back.
The measure is "an attack on democracy" according to an emergency motion carried unanimously at the Association of Teachers and Lecturers conference. Earlier ATL general secretary Mary Bousted called the plan "madness". On Monday, School Minister Nick Gibb said the plan made schools "profession-led" - though he faced some heckling. Under the plan almost 17,000 schools which have not already converted to academy status - mostly primaries - must do so by 2020 or have committed to do so by 2022. Delegates applauded as the ATL became the third teachers' union to oppose the plans. The conference, meeting in Liverpool, voted to condemn the White Paper, Educational Excellence Everywhere, as "an attack on democracy". Proposing the motion, Mark Baker said White Paper's proposals amounted to "Educational Excellence All Over The Place". The motion warned that conversion of schools to academy status would be achieved without regard to the wishes of parents, staff or local communities and without proper Parliamentary scrutiny. The move represented "ever greater centralism and micro-management". "It takes no account of the growing evidence of failing academies but insists on a blind adherence to an ideology with no foundation in fact," said the motion. The ATL will now work with "all those concerned", including other education unions to opposed forced academisation and to consider what forms of action - including potential industrial action - may be needed. In her speech to conference on Tuesday morning, Dr Bousted backed calls for a co-ordinated response. "Alone we can do something. Together we can do great things. "We must fight together to protect our profession, for the sake of the children and young people whose education depends on us. "And we will fight and if we fight together, with parents and councillors, with other unions, with politicians, with governors, with the whole of civil society which opposes the madness of forced academisation, then we will win," Dr Bousted concluded. Earlier in the speech Dr Bousted called the white paper a "very strange document". "It asks us to believe six impossible things before breakfast, including the big whopper - that the forced academisation of all schools will improve educational standards." The government's plans have drawn criticism from teachers, unions and Tory local councillors. At its conference over Easter, the National Union of Teachers  voted to ballot for strike action over the academies plan. The NASUWT conference also voted to consider strike action if forced academisation affects members' pay and conditions. The Labour Party has said its own analysis of official figures suggests the plan could cost £1.3bn with a shortfall in funding of  over £1.1bn - though ministers reject these figures. But in a speech to the NASUWT Education Secretary Nicky Morgan said there was no going back on plans to make every school an academy by 2020. Ms Morgan maintained the government's plans would improve the education system in England. The Department for Education said it was "disappointing that the ATL would rather play politics with our children's future than work constructively with us to deliver our vision for educational excellence everywhere". The "vast majority" of schools which had already became academies were "now thriving", said a spokesman. The spokesman said figures from 2015 showed sponsored primary academies open for two years had improved their results by an average of 10 percentage points since opening - more than double the rate of improvement in local authority schools.
The 33-year-old made 19 appearances for the Seagulls last term after joining on loan in January, helping them finish third, before a play-off semi-final defeat by Sheffield Wednesday. Sidwell played only four games for Premier League club Stoke last season. "He knows exactly what the Championship is all about and what it takes to get promoted," manager Chris Hughton said. "He was excellent for us in the run-in, and was a key figure on and off the pitch as one of the senior members of the squad." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Bakir Izetbegovic, a member of Bosnia's tripartite presidency, said he was seeking "truth and justice". Bosnian Serb officials warned the move would trigger a "serious crisis" in the country. In 2007, the International Court of Justice (ICJ) cleared Serbia of direct responsibility for genocide. The ICJ found only one act of genocide during Bosnia's 1992-95 war - the massacre of about 8,000 Bosnian Muslim (Bosniak) men and boys by Bosnian Serb forces in the town of Srebrenica in 1995. It was Europe's worst atrocity since World War Two. The ICJ ruled that Serbia had violated international law by failing to prevent the killings, but absolved it of direct responsibility. On Thursday, Mr Izetbegovic told reporters that "the request [for a review] is being submitted at this very moment". "I think that I am on the path of truth and justice," he added. The appeal was launched before a 10-year deadline expires on 26 February. Mladen Ivanic, the Serb member of the presidency, said the move should have been made collectively by the tripartite body, where a Bosnian Croat also has a seat. "I am afraid that we have entered a really serious crisis," Mr Ivanic said. Meanwhile, Serbia Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic earlier described Mr Izetbegovic's intentions as "bad" for relations between the two countries. Following the 1992-1995 war, Bosnia is now an independent state under international administration. Its three main ethnic groups are Bosniaks (Bosnian Muslims), Croats and Serbs. Politicians from Bosnia's two semi-independent entities - the Muslim-Croat Federation and the Republika Srpska - have often clashed, triggering political crises. The powers of the central government in the capital Sarajevo are very limited.
German Shepherd Nero jumped over railings in Watford which, unknown to his handler, had a 12ft (3.5m) drop on the other side. PC Clive Warncken said he was delighted to have Nero back and he was "doing well and was comfortable". An X-ray released by the vet who treated the dog showed the extent of his injuries - two clear fractures. Nero was with PC Warncken, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire dog unit, when the accident happened in the early hours of Thursday 21 July. He had been called in to track four people suspected of assaulting a woman. PC Warncken said Nero was not used to resting. "I suspect he might be a bit frustrated as he's used to being so active, but I will ensure he receives the rest he needs," he said. Surgeon Liz Tilson, from The Roebuck Veterinary Group, said Nero arrived with "severe neck pain and weakness in his hind legs". "X-rays revealed that he had fractured two vertebrae in his neck," she said. He was kept at the surgery's Stevenage hospital for a week for pain relief and rest and has so far responded well to treatment and been incredibly brave, she said.
The programme was started after a number of attacks and attempted rapes. A police official said women and children were being taught basic judo and how to punch and kick. Police say there are around 100,000 people in camps in Kathmandu following the devastating earthquake in April. "When we visited these temporary shelters we found there had been violence against women and children," said Tara Devi Thapa, deputy superintendent of police in the Kathmandu Valley. "We thought it was a good idea to give them a skill so they can use it and benefit," she said. Ms Thapa said around 70 women and girls in one camp in the Boudha area of the city were being taught how to do judo holds as well as how to kick and punch. She said there had been a high demand from earthquake victims to learn how to defend themselves, and the police were considering offering the programme in all camps in the capital. "We expect the amount of violence women and children face to increase as time goes on," said Ms Thapa. "We think the shelters could be targeted by criminal and trafficking gangs," she said. Hundreds of thousands of people were made homeless by the 7.8 magnitude quake and resulting aftershocks. Many of these people face a long stay in temporary shelters before they can rebuild their homes.
The Long Island Railroad train went off the tracks as it arrived on Wednesday at Brooklyn's busy Atlantic Terminal. New York's fire department said 103 people had reportedly suffered "non-life-threatening" injuries. Passengers on the train said there had been a loud bang followed by a jolt that made some people on the train fall down. The New York governor, Andrew Cuomo, said the train was travelling at a "fairly slow speed" when it failed to stop on time and struck a buffer at the station. The impact was hard enough, however, to smash some of the train's windows and crease its doors. Some of the injured were taken away on stretchers, while others were seen sitting near the train holding ice packs to their heads. The cause of the accident, which happened at about 08:20 local time (13:20 GMT), has not been determined. The US Federal Railroad Administration said its investigators were heading to the scene. Last September, a woman died and more than 100 other people were injured when a train derailed during rush hour as it entered the station in Hoboken, New Jersey. An investigation into that incident is yet to be concluded.
The Anglo-Dutch giant said profits on a current cost of supply measure (CCS) - which strips out price fluctuations - jumped to $3.4bn (Â£2.6bn) from $1bn last year. A 55% rise in oil prices in the first quarter of 2017 compared with a year earlier was the main driver of profits. Excluding one-off items, profits on the CCS measure were $3.86bn, up 136%. Shell joins rivals BP, Exxon Mobil, Chevron and Total in reporting better-than-expected results. More than $1bn in cost savings and budget cuts made over the past three years from cost-cuts and assets sales have also helped to increase cash flow and boost profits. But Shell chief executive Ben van Beurden said the company would be making $25bn worth of investments this year in new oil and gas projects. "We continue to reshape Shell's portfolio and to transform the company," he said in a statement. Oil and gas production, known as upstream, rose 2% in the quarter to 3.752 million barrels of oil equivalent from 3.905 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. A number of new fields continued to ramp up output, particularly in Brazil and Kazakhstan. Earnings from refining, marketing and chemicals also rose 20% to $2.5bn. "We saw notable improvements in upstream and chemicals, which benefited from improved operational performance and better market conditions," Mr van Beurden said. Investors welcomed the results, marking Shell's shares up 3% at the start of trading. Energy producers across the world are reaping the benefits of higher oil prices, which have strongly increased their revenues and profits. Crude has recovered thanks to the Opec oil producers' cartel adhering to a production cut agreed late last year. However, the oil price has eased back recently.
Mr Blackman is championing an e-petition demanding the change in Parliament, after it was signed by more than 120,000 people. Muslims and Hindus should have "the most important days in their faiths recognised in law", the petition says. The government has already rejected the e-petitioners' request. In its response to the petition, the government said: "We are very aware of the importance of these festivals which are widely celebrated in the UK. "Whilst we appreciate a new national holiday may benefit some communities and sectors, the cost to the economy remains considerable and any changes to the current arrangements would not take place without a full consultation." Mr Blackman pressed ministers to reconsider during a debate in the House of Commons' secondary debating chamber of Westminster Hall. He said the government's concern about cost was "valid". The MP for Harrow East said: "According to the Centre for Economics and Business Research, each public holiday costs Â£2.3bn per day due to a loss of retail, commercial services, and other industries. "So we're looking at an overall economic cost of just under Â£5bn if the Muslim faith and the Hindu faith were to be given one specified public holiday each, if the estimate is correct." But, he continued, the think tank had also estimated that annual output would be raised by Â£19bn "if all public holidays were scrapped". "That's not likely to happen. I can't believe any government would every dare to decide to cancel Christmas," Mr Blackman said. "So we can't make a case for or against further public holidays just on the basis of money. If we did, we wouldn't have any public holidays at all." There were "bigger considerations", he argued. "Wouldn't it be a statement that we as a nation embrace these religions, and the people who hold them dear, and we are ready to recognise their place in our society? "Creating these public holidays would be an important step towards promoting the understanding and tolerance of different faiths - not just at home, but abroad too. "We want other nations to look to the UK for a good example of positive integration, and for highly skilled prospective immigrants to consider coming to our country with a sense that their faith is a respected part of their identity." But Business Minister Jenny Willott was not persuaded by the MP's case. "We are very lucky in this country to have such a hugely diverse and mixed and vibrant society that we all benefit from," she told MPs. "Faith groups play a hugely important role in making life better for other people and making communities a better place for people to live." But she emphasised ministers' concern about cost, and concluded: "The government does not believe that there should be a public holiday to mark these particular occasions. "I know that will disappoint some people." If an e-petition gets 10,000 signatures, it is eligible for a written response from the government, which is published alongside the original petition on the government's e-petitions website. If it reaches as many as 100,000 signatures, a parliamentary committee will consider whether it merits a Commons debate if an MP wants to propose one.
The proposal from Buckinghamshire councils includes a 15-mile (24km) tunnel from the M25 to Wendover. Current government plans include some tunnels but leaves about eight miles in exposed or partially-covered cuttings. HS2 said it had "considered" further tunnelling but stood by its plans. Plans for the HS2 between London and Birmingham and then to Manchester and Leeds have been developed by the government under holding company HS2 Ltd. It promises to reduce journey times between Birmingham and London from 81 to 49 minutes, and slash the trip to Manchester by an hour, to 68 minutes. The new Chilterns Long Tunnel Route report, produced by Peter Brett Associates, was commissioned by Chiltern District Council, Aylesbury Vale District Council, Buckinghamshire County Council and the Chilterns Conservation Board to look at alternative proposals. The group said the planned route through the Chilterns Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) would result in an "adverse and irreversible impact" on the landscape. HS2 Ltd's proposal includes about 13km (8 miles) in a tunnel from the M25 to Little Missenden and 12km (7.5 miles) on two viaducts, in two green tunnels and either on embankments or in cuttings. The new plan includes a 24.2km (15 mile) tunnel from the M25 to Wendover, the first 9km (5.5 miles) of which would follow the exact alignment of the government scheme. The report concluded a long tunnel was "technically feasible", would protect the landscape and "be a better route operationally". It is the second time the group has proposed a tunnel scheme but it said the latest proposal would have less impact on the countryside. The cost is estimated at Â£1.85bn, as opposed to the government's Â£1.45bn plan, but campaigners said this was "a small price to pay" to "preserve a beautiful and unique part of the countryside". HS2 spokesman Ben Ruse said the firm was "committed to protecting the environment" and a tunnel through the entire AONB had been "explored and given extensive consideration". He added: "However, we have clearly set out how the current proposals provide the best balance between route engineering design requirements, cost and the desire to minimise environmental impacts."
The report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development found an average satisfaction score of 7.3 on a scale from nought to 10. UK teenagers had a below average satisfaction score of seven. But anxiety about exams and bullying remains a problem for many young people. And heavy internet use leaves many feeling lonely and less satisfied. The findings are based on a survey of 540,000 students internationally who also completed the OECD Pisa tests in science, mathematics and reading in 2015. The study reveals large variations in life satisfaction out of 48 OECD countries and partner nations. The highest levels of satisfaction were found in the Dominican Republic (8.5), Mexico (8.3) and Costa Rica (8.2), while the Asian countries or economies of Korea (6.4), Hong Kong (6.5), Macau (6.6) and Taiwan (6.6) recorded low levels of satisfaction. The UK took 38th place for life satisfaction, behind countries such as Russia (7.8), Bulgaria (7.4) and Estonia (7.5). The study found girls and disadvantaged students were less likely than boys and advantaged students to report high levels of life satisfaction. Despite reasonably high average levels of satisfaction, bullying was a significant problem for many youngsters, with a large proportion saying they had been victims. On average across OECD countries, about 11% of teenagers said they were frequently mocked, 7% were "left out of things" and 8% were the subject of hurtful rumours. Around 4% of students - approximately one child per class - reported that they were hit or pushed at least a few times per month. But the OECD research found less bullying in schools where students had positive relationships with their teachers. Exam stress was also a problem, with 59% of students saying they often worried that taking a test would be difficult and 66% saying they worried about getting poor grades. Across OECD countries, about 55% of students said they were very anxious before a test, even if they were well prepared for it. Girls had a tendency to worry more than boys, with girls in all 72 countries reporting greater levels of schoolwork-related anxiety than boys. The report found students spent more than two hours online during a typical weekday after school and more than three hours online during a typical weekend day. The majority said the internet was a great resource for obtaining information and more than half said they felt bad if no internet connection was available. Students who spent more than six hours online on weekdays outside of school hours were more likely to report that they were not satisfied with their life or that they felt lonely at school. They were also less proficient in science than students who spent fewer hours online. The OECD research found that between 2012 and 2015, the time teenagers spent online outside of school hours increased by at least 40 minutes a day on both weekdays and weekends. The study concluded that teenagers who felt part of a school community and had good relationships with their parents and teachers were more likely to perform better academically and be happier with their lives. Students who felt their teacher was willing to provide help and was interested in their learning were about 1.3 times more likely to feel that they belonged at school, researchers found. Those whose parents regularly talked to them were two-thirds of a school year ahead in science.
The Australian and Malaysian governments say the search will now focus on an area 1,100km (684 miles) north-east of the previous zone. The move was based on further analysis of radar data that showed the plane was going faster, thus using more fuel. The Beijing-bound airliner disappeared on 8 March with 239 people on board. Malaysian officials have concluded that, based on satellite data, it flew into the sea somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean. So far no trace of it has been found. Search efforts had until Friday morning focused on an area some 2,500km (1,550 miles) to the south-west of the Australian city of Perth. Did previous photos show plane debris? Using satellite images, several nations have identified objects floating in the sea in that search area, but these have not been located and there is no evidence that they are related to the plane. John Young, general manager of Amsa's emergency response division, said that teams had "moved on" from that area based on the new information. Acting Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said that the fact that the search area had moved did not discount the earlier satellite images of possible debris further south. "Because of ocean drift, this new search area could still be consistent with the potential objects identified by various satellite images over the past week," Mr Hussein said. A statement from Amsa - which is co-ordinating the search - said the new information had come from the international investigation team in Malaysia. This was based on "continuing analysis of radar data between the South China Sea and the Strait of Malacca before radar contact was lost", Amsa said. "It indicated that the aircraft was travelling faster than previously estimated, resulting in increased fuel usage and reducing the possible distance the aircraft travelled south into the Indian Ocean." It said that the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) had determined that this was "the most credible lead to where debris may be located". The new search area is about 1,850km west of Perth and covers some 319,000 sq km (123,000 sq miles). Mr Young, of Amsa, said it represented the "best estimate of the area in which the aircraft is likely to have entered the ocean" and took account of possible drift. The new search area was outside the "roaring forties" bad weather zone, meaning conditions were likely to be better. Aircraft would also be able to spend more time in the area because it was closer to land, Mr Young said. The potential flight path could be the subject of further refinement as investigations continued, Amsa said, adding that satellites would now focus on the new area. Amsa said nine military aircraft would be scouring the area on Friday, with a civilian aircraft acting as a communications relay. What we know The search for flight MH370 Five ships from China and one from Australia were also relocating to that area. One Chinese patrol ship was already at the scene, Amsa said. Mr Young said the shift to a new search area did not mean the original work was "a waste of time". "This is the normal business of search and rescue operations, that new information comes to light, refined analysis take you to a different place," he said. Mystery still surrounds the fate of the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 which vanished from civilian radar screens less than an hour after taking off from Kuala Lumpur. The reason why the airliner veered off course and lost contact with air traffic controllers continues to baffle experts. The remote and vast expanse of ocean has turned the search into a major challenge. Some relatives of the flight's 153 Chinese passengers have refused to accept the Malaysian account of events and have accused officials of withholding information. Earlier, China's state news agency Xinhua said that Chinese insurance firms had begun to offer payouts to the relatives. On Thursday, Malaysia Airlines took out a full-page condolence advertisement in the New Straits Times, saying: "Our sincerest condolences go out to the loved ones of the 239 passengers, friends and colleagues. Words alone cannot express our enormous sorrow and pain."
But back in the Indian Ocean island nation, many Tamils are either too scared of official retribution, or too apathetic to mark the second 27 November commemoration since the rebels' defeat last year. The Sri Lankan government has meanwhile been busy destroying the war graves and other memorials for the 20,000 insurgents killed during the three-decade conflict. One such cemetery has been turned into a playground; another in Jaffna was converted into an army camp. And no-one knows what has happened to the records scrupulously kept by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), who are thought to have financially supported the bereaved families. Suresh Premachandiran, an MP from northern Jaffna, says his party, the Tamil National Alliance, has tried in vain to stop the demolition of war cemeteries. "Destroying graves is unacceptable," he said. "Those people who were buried there are humans. They fought for the Tamil people." He continued: "Recently when some Tamil civilians lit lamps to mark a Hindu festival in Kilinochchi, the local police thought they were trying to pay homage to the LTTE war dead and beat up them up." In the past, large numbers of Tamils visited these war graves. In many places, cultural programmes would also take place. But now they're not sure what to do. "Those who lost their relatives would like to remember them," says Selva, a resident of Colombo, who did not want his full name published. "But if they do any kind of public display - like garlanding the photos of people in LTTE uniform, they will be arrested." Sri Lanka's deputy high commissioner in the UK, P M Amza, defended his government's decision to demolish war graves, labelling them a rebel propaganda tool. "We consider the LTTE a terrorist organisation," he said. "We feel all those associated with it form part of terrorism. "There is no evidence to show the LTTE represented collective Tamil aspiration. They have killed many Tamil leaders." Human rights groups say both government forces and the rebels committed crimes against humanity during the conflict. The LTTE were accused of recruiting children and firing at fleeing civilians during the final weeks of war. It is an established fact that the LTTE killed thousands of Tamil youths who joined other armed groups in the early years of the rebellion. But many Tamils who are outspoken about the government's alleged war crimes say little about the charges against the LTTE. For many in the diaspora across the world, Heroes' Day is an opportunity to gather and reaffirm their loyalty to the Tamil Tigers. Large gatherings are planned in Britain, Canada, Switzerland, France and Australia. Sam Krishna, media co-ordinator of the British Tamil Forum, said: "In addition to remembering those who sacrificed their lives for the Tamil cause, we will use the occasion to focus on the war crimes. "We will once again press for an independent inquiry." Tamil Tiger leader Velupillai Prabhakaran, killed on the last day of the conflict in May 2009, traditionally marked Heroes' Day with a speech outlining his agenda for the year ahead, and the Tigers would stage a military parade. But no organisation in Sri Lanka plans to commemorate 27 November this year. Some even say the time has come to move on. A refugee who lives in the government-run camp in Vavuniya, in the north, said: "War has ended last year, but still we are in the camps. We lost everything due to war. There's no point in talking about it." Some expat Tamils feel that overseas organisations behind the Heroes' Day commemorations would do better to use their resources helping those back home who are struggling to restart their lives.
The excerpts, released on Monday, excluded the names of gunman Omar Mateen as well as Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the so-called Islamic State (IS). Mateen, who killed 49 people at a gay Orlando nightclub, described himself as an "Islamic soldier" and pledged allegiance to al-Baghdadi during his phone calls to authorities. But in the first version of the transcript, any reference to IS or their leader was removed. For example: Police: What's your name? Mateen: My name is I pledge allegiance to [omitted]. The decision to omit the names sparked outrage among Twitter users including US House Speaker Paul Ryan. The Wisconsin Republican denounced the decision to redact as "preposterous" and called on the Obama administration to release the full transcript "so the public is clear-eyed about who did this, and why". "We know the shooter was a radical Islamist extremist inspired by Isis. We also know he intentionally targeted the LGBT community," Mr Ryan said in a statement, referring to IS. Other users expressed outrage over the decision to remove IS from the text. The Department of Justice released a statement later on Monday defending the redaction. Officials said they wanted to remain sensitive to the victims, their families and the ongoing investigation, while also not providing "the killer or terrorist organisations with a publicity platform for hateful propaganda". "Unfortunately, the unreleased portions of the transcript that named the terrorist organisations and leaders have caused an unnecessary distraction from the hard work that the FBI and our law enforcement partners have been doing to investigate this heinous crime," the statement said, before releasing the full transcript of Mateen's first 50-second phone call. The other calls he made were not released. Mateen first called a 911 dispatcher about 30 minutes after he began shooting. During the call, Mateen spoke Arabic and praised "God the Merciful". In a later phone call, he told a negotiator to tell America to stop bombing Syria and Iraq and that was why he was "out here right now", according to the FBI transcript. Mateen also told negotiators he had an explosive vest similar to the kind used by terrorists "in France," making a reference to the November terror attack in Paris. But no vests were found. "[Mateen] does not represent the religion of Islam, but a perverted view," said Ron Hopper, the FBI assistant special agent in charge. "Part of the redacting is meant to not give credence to individuals who have done terrorist attacks in the past," he said. "We're not going to propagate their violent rhetoric."
There was also a record number of EU citizens coming to live in Britain with the figure standing at 284,000. Net migration - immigration minus emigration - was the second-highest number on record. Immigration minister Robert Goodwill said the government was "committed to getting net migration down". Most of the period covered by the figures was before the EU referendum, but they also include one week after the poll. The ONS says the net migration figure is similar to the previous year, although it was up slightly on the 12 months ending in March, when it stood at 326,000. Immigration to the UK has also risen to a record level with 650,000 migrants in the year to June. Net migration from the EU was the highest figure on record with the number standing at 189,000. Mr Goodwill said the British people had sent out a "clear message" they want more control on immigration and the government was committed to getting numbers down to "the tens of thousands". He added: "That is why reducing the number of migrants coming to the UK will be a key priority of our negotiations to leave the EU." Figures show 311,000 people came to live in the UK for work-related reasons. But the ONS said there was a "statistically significant" rise in the number of people who were "looking for work", 130,000, compared to 107,000 last year, as opposed to those who had a definite job to go to. By Danny Shaw, BBC Home Affairs correspondent The latest ONS figures have brought the government no Christmas cheer. Immigration remains at historically high levels - and its target to get net migration to less than 100,000 remains a long way off. Ministers hope the numbers will come down once they're able to exert more control over EU migration, currently at a record 284,000, when the UK leaves the Union. However, that all depends on the outcome of the Brexit negotiations: will there be new restrictions on the ability of EU citizens to move freely from state to state? One approach that might be considered is to limit travel to those who've got a firm offer of employment. It won't have escaped the Home Office's notice that 82,000 EU migrants hadn't secured a job when they came to Britain - they arrived in order to look for work. The ONS says that's a statistically significant increase of 21,000 on a year ago - and a record high. Labour MP and chair of the home affairs select committee Yvette Cooper said the number of low-skilled workers coming to the UK was "too high" and her party "should be talking about immigration" as it was a concern for people right across the country. She said the figures show the government's approach to immigration was not working and it also needed to look at different types of immigration. For the first time, Romania tops the list for the country with the most number of migrants to the UK in 2015 - with 54,000 people coming to live in Britain. China was in second place with 44,000 followed by Poland at 38,000 and India with 36,000. UKIP leader Paul Nuttall said the figures "just go to show that you can't trust the Tories to bring down immigration". He added: "This is an abject failure, not just by the Government in general but by the prime minister in particular." Alp Mehmet from Migration Watch UK, which calls for a reduction in levels of immigration, said the figures show Britain needs to take a "strong position on immigration in the Brexit negotiations". He added: "Even if net migration was brought down to 265,000 a year the UK population would still be growing at half a million a year, every year for the next ten years. That is the equivalent to another five Birminghams. This is unacceptable to most of the British public." Nicola White, head of international migration statistics at the ONS, said it was "too early to say what effect, if any the EU referendum has had on long-term international migration." She added: "There does not however appear to have been any significant impact during the run-up to the vote." Correction: An earlier version of this report said net migration had reached a record level when it was actually just below the previous highest figure.
These colourful lizards can scamper rapidly up walls, scuttle along ceilings and even hang upside down on polished glass. Yet the secret of their amazing climbing ability remained a mystery until relatively recently. The underside of a gecko's foot looks like a tyre tread and is covered in millions of microscopic hairs. Each hair splits into hundreds of tips just 200 billionths of a metre wide. The secret of this lizard's adhesion turns out to be the relatively weak intermolecular forces that draw materials together any time they get close. These van der Waals forces nevertheless explain how a gecko can support its own body weight on just one finger, and a single gecko hair can lift the weight of an ant. To un-stick, the gecko pulls its foot away at a different angle. "What we're talking about is something that is about as sticky as sticky tape - it's not crazy glue," says Prof Kellar Autumn, who became intrigued by gecko adhesion after being funded to develop climbing robots by the US military. Prof Autumn, from Lewis & Clark College in Oregon, added: "What is special about it is that it is controllable. And its controllability is based on geometry and physics, not chemistry." The effort to uncover the mechanisms behind gecko climbing has already yielded synthetic material that sticks in the same way. Stick, peel and re-stick a piece of existing adhesive tape several times and it quickly loses its clingy properties. Prof Autumn and Mark Cutkosky, from Stanford University, compared natural and polymer-based synthetic gecko hairs using a machine that simulated gecko climbing. This showed both versions could be re-used some 30,000 times without losing their stickiness. Synthetic adhesives could yield transformative applications in robotics, industry, medicine, sports and clothing. But one possible use always comes up in any popular discussion: could they allow humans to scale walls like Spider-Man? In 2007, physicist and engineer Nicola Pugno, from Turin Polytechnic in Italy, calculated that a person wearing gloves and boots made of carbon nanotubes and structured to mimic gecko feet could indeed cling safely to a wall or a ceiling. Challenges would include wear and tear and the propensity for dirt particles to collect and inhibit stickiness. The suit would have to work on every kind of surface and for long periods of time. But Prof Pugno says: "We are not very far, in my opinion, from a kind of Spider-Man suit." Prof Metin Sitti, from Carnegie Mellon University, says the idea is "not impossible". Selecting a lightweight person and applying the adhesive to many parts of the suit (not just the feet and hands) would improve the chances of success, he explains. But, he comments: "We get questions like: 'Can you carry a one-tonne weight'. And we say: 'Maybe, but that's not our biggest advantage'." A. The toes of geckos are covered in ridge-like lamellae, producing a tyre tread pattern B. Millions of microscopic hairs, or setae, cover each toe. These are only as long as two diameters of a human hair C. Each seta ends in up to 1000 even tinier tips, called spatulae D. The spatular tips are only 200 billionths of a metre wide -below the wavelength of visible light Several institutes have been developing robots that can climb walls - Stanford University's "Sticky-bot" can be seen in action here. Some scientists envisage "geckobots" being used to search for survivors in a burning building or disaster zone, to explore the rocky terrain of Mars, or even as toys. But many in the field are most excited by more routine applications. Medicine is one target area for these adhesives. They could spawn advanced bandages that can be removed easily after healing or gripping surfaces on instruments designed for delicate surgery. Since the mechanism works in the wet, it could be used to affix implants within the body. Stanislav Gorb, from the University of Kiel, studies biological adhesion; his work also looks at the way beetles stick to surfaces. He says gecko material has several advantages when compared with generic sticky tape. There is no "visco-elastic" adhesive to dry out, so it stays attached for longer and leaves no residue. But he says that with current production methods, they are unlikely to replace classical sticky tape. "Maybe in 5-10 years we will have a method that will make the tape very cheap - right now it isn't. Secondly, right now, the forces are in the range or even lower than traditional sticky tape." Zip it up Metin Sitti thinks gecko material could provide alternatives to current "closure" technologies, such as hook and loop fastening, zips and sealing systems on food packaging. It is one area he is exploring through his company NanoGripTech, set up to commercialise his lab's gecko work. Synthetic adhesives work best on glass; rough or uneven surfaces pose more of an obstacle. Getting high performance out of gecko material on a variety of surfaces and in different conditions represents the firm's first challenge. "We have been focusing on what happens when the surface gets wet, oily, dirty and what happens when temperatures change from very cold to very hot," says Prof Sitti. "The second challenge is how can you manufacture and sell this [material] at high volume and at low cost?" Prof Sitti is working on this problem and expects within a year to begin manufacturing at low volumes. A silicone-based bio-inspired adhesive made by German firm Binder has been on the market for some six months. Prof Gorb was involved with its development. The company has been exploring medical applications and the "pick and place" technology used in clean rooms to precisely position components on to circuit boards. "Clean rooms often work with suction systems. That generates dust and requires a lot of energy, which contributes to the cost," says Jan Tuma, managing director of Binder. "We are only sticky on really flat, shiny surfaces. It depends on the pins per sq cm and at the moment we have 29,000 pins per sq centimetre. "Geckos have more, but they have had millions of years to develop, and we have had only a few." Prof Autumn says: "We can look to Nature as a giant library of design principles. The way gecko adhesives work is so bizarre and so different from the way that adhesives have been engineered, that I don't think we would have invented it." Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Parents Chris Gard and Connie Yates have launched a final legal challenge at the European Court of Human Rights after a Supreme Court challenge failed. European judges said doctors were required to keep the 10-month-old alive until they had passed judgement. Specialists at Great Ormond Street believe he has no chance of survival. Charlie has been in intensive care in hospital since October last year. His doctors said he cannot hear, move, cry or swallow and that his lungs only go up and down because he is on a machine that does it for him. Judges in Strasbourg, France, had previously ruled an interim measure to keep him alive should remain in place until midnight on 19 June. The new extension lasts until a final ruling is made. A spokesperson said the court "will treat the application with the utmost urgency" but have not indicated when the final judgement will be made. Charlie's parents, from Bedfont, west London, have raised Â£1.3m on a crowdfunding site to pay for an experimental treatment in the US. In April a High Court judge ruled against the trip to America and said Charlie should be allowed to die with dignity. Three Court of Appeal judges upheld the ruling in May and three Supreme Court justices have dismissed a further challenge by the parents. Charlie is thought to be one of 16 children in the world to have mitochondrial depletion syndrome, a condition which causes progressive muscle weakness and brain damage.
The patents include one that relates to the front face of the iPhone and one for touch-screen technology. It is another win for Apple, after it was awarded $1.05bn (£652m) in damages by a jury in a separate case in August. The ITC can block the import of products into the US. The judge's ruling will go in front of a full commission, which is scheduled to conclude its investigation in February. Judge Thomas Pender agreed that Samsung violated four of Apple's patents, but was not in violation of two others listed by Apple in the complaint. Three of the patents are related to software features, while one covers Apple's hardware. However, the Samsung products in this case do not include its latest devices, limiting the impact of a potential import ban into the US. Samsung has repeatedly argued that any sales ban would limit choice and raise prices for consumers in the US. Apple and Samsung have bought legal cases against each other in more than 10 countries, each accusing the other of violating patents, as the two battle for market share in the hugely lucrative mobile industry.
After a year of music lessons, the reading scores of nine and 10-year-olds held steady compared to a dip seen in those who were not taught any music. Another group of musically-trained children were found to be better at processing sounds and language. The research is being presented to the American Psychological Association. The research was led by Dr Nina Kraus at Northwestern University and involved hundreds of children at high schools in impoverished areas of Chicago and Los Angeles. Her research had previously highlighted that learning music could improve the concentration, memory and focus of children in the classroom by improving their neural functions. But much of the research had focused on the impact of music lessons on relatively affluent children. In this study, Dr Kraus found that giving children regular group music lessons for five or more hours a week prevented any decline in reading skills, which would normally be expected in poorer areas. Another group of teenage schoolchildren, from a poor area of Chicago, took part in band practice or choir practice every day at school as part of a music project. Researchers recorded their brainwaves to assess how they responded to speech sounds. After two years of musical training, the results showed the musical group was faster and more accurate at distinguishing one sound from another, particularly when there was background noise, compared to a group that did not participate in any musical activity. Dr Kraus said this showed music could have a positive impact on the brain, which could also help learning, but it was not a quick fix. "Research has shown that there are differences in the brains of children raised in impoverished environments that affect their ability to learn," he explained. "While more affluent students do better in school than children from lower income backgrounds, we are finding that musical training can alter the nervous system to create a better learner and help offset this academic gap." All the children had similar IQs and reading ability at the start of the study. Dr Kraus said music appeared to remodel the brain to improve the connections between sounds and meaning, the process by which babies learn to speak. Children growing up in poorer areas with poorly-educated mothers are more likely to have 'noisier brains', she said. This is because they are less likely to know and recognise a wide range of words and are therefore less able to respond to sounds and language. "Music automatically sharpens the nervous system's response to sounds," Dr Kraus explained. The children participating in the study were part of the Harmony Project, which provides instruments and free music tuition for American schoolchildren in certain deprived urban areas.
Three months of work will begin on 8 August on both carriageways of the M74 from J2A Fullarton to J6 Hamilton. Four months of work will begin on both carriageways of the M8 in mid-August from J8 Baillieston to J10 Easterhouse. The M73 will be similarly affected for six weeks from mid-September, between J1 Maryville and J2 Baillieston. The work is part of an ongoing £500m works programme to improve Scotland's motorway network. Graeme Reid, Project Manager for the M8 M73 M74 Motorway Improvements Project, said: "Transport Scotland is working with the contractor to ensure these works are completed as quickly as possible. "While we're doing everything we can to minimise the disruption, delays will be inevitable, so we're asking motorists to check the Transport Scotland and Traffic Scotland websites for updates on these key routes, to plan their journeys in advance and to look at taking an alternative route if possible." The £500m project aims to upgrade central Scotland's busy motorways and significantly reduce congestion. It has been estimated that the road improvements could reduce the average daily car commute between Glasgow and Edinburgh by 20 minutes.
Ian "Jacko" Roberts, 54, of Acrefair, near Wrexham, was in Toulouse for the historic 3-0 win against Russia. But on Monday, he will return to hospital for treatment on a tumour in his nasal passage. He said of the game: "The atmosphere was amazing...exceptional." The win means Wales qualified for the second round, with their next game to be played in Paris on Saturday. And Mr Roberts, a father-of-one, said he got to meet former Wales international players turned pundits Robbie Savage and John Hartson, who has had cancer, at his hotel in Toulouse. "I was having a bit of a talk to John Hartson and he was giving me the arm around the shoulder. It was really good," he added. Two weeks ago Mr Roberts finished 12 sessions of chemotherapy and is about to begin radiation treatment. The carpenter and joiner, who sings for Froncysyllte Male Voice Choir, was captured singing the national anthem by Hartson who tweeted the footage before the Russia game. He said it had been brilliant watching the team in France, adding: "Especially after all the years where we have had the heartbreaks, all them times when we failed to qualify. "It was actually the morning of the Andorra game [a Euro 2016 qualifier which Wales won 2-0 in October] I was told I had the tumour in the nasal passage. "For all the winter I didn't know I was coming [to France] until the Wednesday before. "And my friends have all got me tickets. They've all chipped in money for me to come because obviously I've been out of work for a while." Mr Roberts said it has been hard travelling but he has had a great time with his friends, including Gareth Roberts, 55, originally of Bangor but now living in Chester. Mr Roberts said he has met lots of footballers and stars through his singing but it is nice for his son, Thomas, 14, to see him mingling with such big names.
Richard Westwood, 72, from Surrey, and Leonard Hawkes, 69, from Berkshire, have been summonsed to Chester Magistrates on 2 December, police said. They will both face one count each of indecent assault relating to an incident in Chester in 1968. The Tremeloes formed in 1958 and first charted in the UK in July 1963 with a version of Twist and Shout. The band went on to have a string of hits throughout the 60's, including a number one with Silence Is Golden. Guitarist and vocalist Rick Westwood left in 2012 and bass player and vocalist Len 'Chip' Hawkes, left in 1988.
Making them vote may halt declining election turnouts and could "kick start the habit of a lifetime", the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) said. In 2010, 44% of 18 to 24-year-olds voted, with the "younger and poorer" least likely to vote, it suggested. The UK risks "sleepwalking into a more divided democracy" unless there is reform, the IPPR's Mat Lawrence said. "The working class and the young have less input into political decision-making processes, with lower rates of participation and representation than older and more affluent citizens," the IPPR report suggested. Such inequalities undermined the "legitimacy and effectiveness" of democracy, the report claimed, saying it was unlikely the trend would be reversed in next month's general election. At the 1970 general election, the gap between the proportion of 18-24 year olds and over-65s who voted was 18%. However, at the 2010 general election, the gap had risen to 32% - with 76% of over-65s voting, compared to 44% of 18-24 year olds. "Long-run decline in voter turnout in the UK is being driven by the relative collapse in participation among the young and the less well-off - not by a uniform decline in turnout among all groups," Mr Lawrence added. "A distinctive non-voting population, generally younger and poorer, heightens political inequality by giving some groups far greater influence at the ballot box." The report comes after the voting age was reduced to 16 for the Scottish independence referendum, in September - when 109,593 16 and 17-year-olds registered to vote. Mr Lawrence said the high turnout at the referendum, as well as the rise of grassroots groups, provided reasons for optimism. Broadcaster and author Rick Edwards told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that he supported the proposal, saying "something drastic needs to happen" to encourage young people to vote. But he said there would have to be a "none of the above" option on ballot papers, to allow voters to express their dissatisfaction. "The problem is politicians are more interested in serving the interests of the demographic who vote more because they are interested in winning their votes and keeping their votes. "Therefore what is happening is that young people are getting marginalised and their interests aren't being served as they should be," he added. He said that if young people felt they were not being spoken to, or were not being paid any attention by politicians, they would be even less likely to vote.
Eleven million documents held by the Panama-based company Mossack Fonseca were leaked to German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung, then shared with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ). In Russia, the three main pro-Kremlin TV channels have not reported the story so far. This is quite typical behaviour for Russia's mainstream broadcasters, which often steer clear of controversial topics involving Russian leaders. The leak reveals a suspected money-laundering ring run by a Russian bank and involving close associates of President Vladimir Putin. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov rejected the allegations: "Even though Vladimir Putin is not explicitly mentioned anywhere, it is obvious for us that our president has been and will be the main target." The story is covered by privately owned business channel RBK and independent digital news channel Dozhd TV - sources that seldom shy away from major international stories that cast Russia in an unfavourable light. The ICIJ report was released late on Sunday night in Moscow, missing print deadlines for newspapers. But the ICIJ's Russian partner, the opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta, featured a seven-page hard copy report and a large online version on its website. Since then, most of the popular online news sources have included reports on the story. There has been plenty of chatter on social media. The hashtag #panamapapers has been in and out of the Top 10 Twitter trends for Russia since Sunday evening. It seems the story has underwhelmed many Russian bloggers, who were not surprised to learn about potential large-scale corruption. There have been plenty of sarcastic jokes about the alleged sums involved. In Germany, Munich's Sueddeutsche Zeitung - which originally received the documents - has the online headline "Putin's rich friends - the trail of the secret money". The heavyweight Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung says "Panama's state prosecutors investigate offshore firms", while Berlin's Die Welt reports on "The billion-dollar trails of a global affair". The tabloid Bild says "Data leak reveals shady transactions worth billions". China's press is quiet on allegations that the Panama Papers involve Chinese nationals, partly because it is a national holiday, the Qingming Festival. News outlets have reported the story, omitting any mention of China being involved.  However, it appears that dialogue on the papers is now being censored, as features on the Sina and NetEase web portals have been removed. There are indications that Weibo social media users want to talk about it, with thousands of posters attempting to discuss the story using the hashtag #PanamaPapers. Weibo shows that more than 2,000 users have used this hashtag, but posts using it appear currently unavailable to view. A search of "Panama" on verified media accounts brings up no results, suggesting that the microblog's moderators wish to limit people from searching for this term. Independent Hong Kong papers, meanwhile, highlight the involvement of the families of a senior Chinese official and a prominent figure. Arabic news websites and online version of dailies have picked up the story, although regional TV channels have yet to report on it. Egyptian dailies are leading with revelations about the family of former President Hosni Mubarak. On Twitter, the hashtags #PanamaDocuments in Arabic and #PanamaLeaks in English have been used in tens of thousands of tweets, trending in Egypt within 12 hours. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring  on Twitter and Facebook.
Pee Wee Pumps, which makes soft shoes for infants, describes its products as "cool" and "diva defining". But pictures of the fashion range posted online have led to criticism on social media sites. The shoes, which have collapsible heels and pointed toes, are available for infants up to six months old. In the latest post on the company's Facebook page, an infant in heels sits astride a miniature motorbike with the caption: "This little #Diva, defining cool posing in her #PeeWeePumps." The image was criticised by a number the site's users, who suggested it was "wrong" and "disgusting" to portray infants in such a way. It comes amid growing concern at what is seen as the sexualisation of children. "This is not ok," wrote Melissa Balinski. Another commenter, Jen, said that "promoting products for babies this way is just sick". Other promotional images for Pee Wee Pumps products include babies wearing bead necklaces, sequin dresses and tutus. The range of shoes, which features styles made from red satin and leopard-skin material, have repeatedly met mixed responses from Facebook users. "I will definitely avoid this brand," wrote Barrow, commenting on a picture of a baby in "black pump classics". "This is horrid," added Flory. But some users left positive comments, remarking how the shoes made the infants "look adorable". "Too cute," wrote Latoyia. The Pee Wee Pumps website displays a range of designs, labelled "Swanky", "Wild Child" and "Diva". "She'll make a statement in this bold, red hue," reads the product description alongside a design labelled "Sassy". The company came under fire earlier this month from UK campaign group Let Clothes Be Clothes, which posted images of the product range for infants with the warning "beware, the photos are shocking". "I will definitely avoid this brand," wrote Owen. "That's disturbing. Even without the heels the pics would be not even remotely okay," wrote Eva. Another user, Natasha, added to the campaign group's post: "Should be banned." Pee Wee Pumps is based in Greensburg, Pennsylvania. The founder, Michele Holbrook, wrote in a statement on the company website that her products "are not intended for walking, but rather to meet the current and ever-growing popular demand for 'high-fashion' in infant apparel".
Passengers said it was "chaotic", with huge crowds snaking around corridors and a lack of senior staff. Airport operator BAA said UK Border Agency's service was "completely unacceptable" but queues were easing. The agency blamed the Easter holiday for the length of the queues. BAA said queues began easing after 13:00 BST with passengers in Terminal 5 having to wait the longest - 31 minutes for EU passengers and 51 minutes for Non-EU citizens. The shortest waiting time was in Terminal 4, where it took four minutes for passengers from the EU to clear the checks and two minutes for non-EU nationals. BAA said on Friday the longest wait passengers had was 77 minutes at Terminal 3, 75 minutes at Terminal 4, and 54 minutes at Terminals 5 and 1, with non-EU passengers facing the longest wait at the time. Matthew Donaldson, 38, from Lincolnshire, who arrived on a flight from Cape Town in South Africa at about 06:30, said he had to wait for an hour and 45 minutes to leave passport control at Terminal 5. He said: "It was complete chaos. Half the escalators were closed to slow down the crowds and when we got to passport control there were snaking queues. "They gave no reason and there were no senior staff there. "It was erratic to say the least." George Galanopoulos, founder of London Executive Aviation which runs private jets, wrote on Twitter: "Just landed at Heathrow T5... total chaos! Embarrassing for London." Simon Baugh, director of media relations at BAA, said the earlier situation at passport control, which is managed by the UK Border Force, the section of the UK Border Agency in charge of entry to the UK, was "fairly typical" but "completely unacceptable". He said: "It's the UK's reputation and BAA's that suffers. There's no need for it. "It's entirely about the level of resourcing the government needs to put in place." A UK Border Agency spokeswoman said: "We will not compromise border security but we always aim to keep disruption to a minimum by using our staff flexibly to meet demand." She said there were extra workers at the border over the Easter period. Culture Select Committee chairman John Whittingdale outlined his committee's concerns about the airport's service in a letter to Culture, Media and Sport Secretary Jeremy Hunt which was made public this week. The letter, dated 21 March, said waits in excess of an hour might deter tourists from returning to the UK. The government sets BAA targets for processing departing passengers through security but no contractual service level agreements are in place for arriving passengers, said Mr Baugh. He said the Home Office sets an "aspirational" waiting time of no longer than 45 minutes for non-EU passengers and 25 minutes for EU passengers. Mr Baugh said: "That bears no relation to customer experience."
At first sight, with billions in subsidies, you might think that every farmer would automatically want to keep the cash flowing and therefore choose to stay in. But it's not so simple. In 2014, the most recent year with confirmed figures, UK farms received Â£3.19bn. The average payment was Â£17,735. The highest was almost Â£2m. For many farmers, particularly those working marginal land such as hills with poor soil, the subsidies act as a lifeline. Mark Williams runs a farm perched on steep slopes near Welshpool in Wales with a spectacular view over the Severn Valley. Sitting on his quad bike, a flock of sheep grazing nearby, he describes the payments as essential to keep communities like his going. He says hill farming is very difficult and that the margins on beef and sheep alone are very tight, "so the subsidy is very important to protect those farms". But travel the short distance from the Welsh uplands to the rich soils of Shropshire near Telford and you hear a very different story. Bruce Udale and his daughter Isabel Moseley, who grow animal feed on their 1,200 acres, are both determined to leave the EU. This is farming on an industrial scale, with huge fields and impressive machinery. We watch a giant tractor extend two vast arms to spray a bright green crop of wheat. The farm attracts tens of thousands of pounds in CAP payments, but Bruce and Isabel are convinced that British farmers would be better off without them. In their view, the subsidies swirling through the agricultural economy artificially inflate prices which means - according to Bruce - that the payments are not worth as much as they sound. "If we don't have subsidies", he says, "I believe our costs would come down. Land values would probably come down, rents would certainly come down, machinery costs would come down because a lot of these things are priced at what the market thinks we've got in our pockets. "So the loss would not be as great as many people think." And, because the payments come from the EU via the UK government, there is notorious bureaucracy. Isabel says it's hugely time-consuming and she resents it. "For our children's future we should take things back in hand, make our own rules and regulations in Great Britain for our benefit. "Now we have Brussels making our decisions. Yes, we have a slight input, but we can't change anyone's minds." On his hill farm, Mark Williams has an answer to that. "If they think there's going to be any less regulation, the UK is not going to revoke sheep tagging, they're not going to revoke the licences, they're not going to revoke the burial of livestock. "We're still going to have to put up with all of that." What about access to markets? Of the UK's agricultural exports, just over 63% went to the EU with about 36% going to the rest of the world. Mark says that makes the EU a crucial outlet. "Over 90% of British beef and lamb ends up in the EU. With such a high number, to mess about with that could have big consequences." But Bruce Udale argues that if the UK did withdraw, trade with Europe would not be over. "With everything except sheep, we import more than we export, so I don't have too many worries that the EU would want to do a reasonable deal with us." Another hot topic is labour. About 24,000 farm workers have come from the rest of the EU and at harvest-time the most labour-intensive farms - cultivating fruit and veg - require far more. There are no exact numbers but some estimates suggest that around 60,000, mainly East Europeans, come for the summer. Hidden behind tall hedgerows near Ross-on-Wye in Herefordshire is Eric Drummond's fruit farm, where as many as 350 Bulgarians and Romanians work at breakneck speed, picking strawberries in huge plastic polytunnels. Without EU membership, he fears that the supply would simply dry up and paralyse production. "It's a huge risk to your business, to any horticultural business. The whole industry relies on this labour coming into the country. So we are personally in favour of staying in because there's no word on what happens if we come out." But like every point in this debate, there's a counter-argument. Bruce Udale says there could be a scheme, similar to one that operated in recent years, where foreign workers could be brought in for a temporary period. "I say tick them in, know where they're going, tick them out when they've finished. We can't have them just coming and going." Farmers themselves are probably too small in number to make much of a difference in the vote, but their sector of the economy is hugely important. Not only does the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) command the largest share of the EU budget, but also the farms themselves provide much of the food we eat. And how that work is carried out, and how it's organised, shapes the landscape itself.
Konta, who won 21 of her previous 22 matches and beat world number two Simona Halep on Wednesday, served for a place in the last four in the decider. However American Williams, 35, won four games on the trot to set up a semi-final against Roberta Vinci. Konta's form will see the 24-year-old take over as British number one. She started the year 150th in the world but is now 66th and will next week pass compatriot Heather Watson in the rankings. Williams, the current world number 24, has won seven Grand Slams since turning professional in October 1994. "I went on court to win and to do my best," said Konta. "I gave my all. It just wasn't enough. "I lost to a pretty incredible champion. She played an incredible match. I just feel very fortunate that I got to share the court with her." Konta made Williams work hard for the victory, becoming the first person to take a set off her at the Wuhan Open after losing the first. She then led 5-3 in the final set and looked on course to record another upset at the tournament. However Williams drew upon all of her experience to grind out the victory, coming out on top in a breathtaking final game that saw the crowd applaud midway through one particularly impressive rally. "Johanna played so well. She has had a wonderful summer," said Williams. "It seemed like I was finished but I felt the energy from the crowd."
The blaze broke out at a building of five apartments on Beverley Road at about 06:00 GMT, the fire service said. The 31-year-old victim was rescued from a ground floor property and taken to Hull Royal Infirmary where he later died. Humberside Police said the fire was not being treated as arson and described the man's death as "non-suspicious but unexplained". More on this and other local stories from across East Yorkshire Two firefighters also suffered minor injuries, Humberside Fire and Rescue said. Resident Vitalijus Lisauskas, who lives in the top floor flat, said he believed the explosion was a result of a gas leak. "The fire was in one of the downstairs flats and luckily we exited out of the building as it happened," he said. "Then it just exploded... knocking off the window and the one above it as well. "It looked like a fireball, in a split second it went boom." His neighbour, who would only give his name as John, said: "All I heard was a loud crash. "I'm quite a heavy sleeper so I went back to sleep and then the next thing you know I've got the fire brigade knocking and banging on my window telling me I need to get out." The scene is near Hull and East Riding Institute of the Blind (HERIB). Beverley Road was closed between Alexandra Street and Queens Road for up to three hours while a cordon was in place around the property.
Sarah Champion faced a backlash after writing in the Sun that "Britain has a problem with British Pakistani men raping and exploiting white girls". The Rotherham MP quit as shadow equalities minister and apologised for her "extremely poor choice of words". The Labour leader denied claims he had sacked Ms Champion for speaking out. He told BBC Manchester: "Child exploitation is wrong. Child abuse is wrong. It is a crime, and it has to be dealt with. "But you cannot blame an entire community, an entire nation or an entire ethnic community. You have to deal with it for the crime of what it is." Asked if he had sacked Ms Champion over her comments, he said: "Look, she resigned and I accepted the resignation, so, clearly, I think it's right thing to do and I thank her for her work." Communities Secretary Sajid Javid accused Mr Corbyn of stifling debate. The Conservative minister said in a tweet: "Corbyn wrong to sack Sarah Champion. We need an honest open debate on child sexual exploitation, including racial motivation." Business Minister Margot James said she was "enraged" by the Labour leader's "treatment of Sarah Champion". She wrote on her Facebook page that the Rotherham MP's comments "might have been hard hitting, but that doesn't make them any less true". The Conservative MP for Stourbridge added: "There needs to be a discussion about how we overcome the cultural attitudes towards women that have contributed to these crimes; and to the ways in which they were covered up for so long. "There has been a disgraceful history of shouting down brave Labour women MPs who have stood up to community pressures in Northern cities like Keighley (just google former MP Ann Cryer) and Rotherham in exposing these crimes, of which the appalling treatment of Sarah Champion is yet another chapter." Conservative former Children's Minister Tim Loughton said he did not know if Ms Champion had been sacked or not - but he accused Mr Corbyn of being "deaf to a problem that is happening in our country". The Equality and Human Rights Commission said it was a "real shame" that Ms Champion had resigned because of "over-sensitivity about language". Labour's shadow justice minister, Yasmin Qureshi, refused to be drawn on whether it was right that Ms Champion had stepped down. "I think you need to ask Sarah that question," she told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. "Of course we should deal with abuse wherever it occurs and we should ask ourselves as to what we can do to ensure these things don't happen." Ms Champion's article was written after 17 men were convicted of forcing girls in Newcastle to have sex. The men, who were mostly British-born, were of Iraqi, Bangladeshi, Pakistani, Indian, Iranian and Turkish heritage. In interviews following the convictions, the Labour MP said such crimes involved "predominately Pakistani men" and a fear of being called racist was hampering the authorities' investigations. She then wrote the Sun article, which also included the line: "These people are predators, and the common denominator is their ethnic heritage." Among the article's critics was fellow Labour MP Naz Shah, who said it was "irresponsible" and "setting a dangerous precedent". Following the backlash, Ms Champion sought to distance herself from the article, claiming it had been altered, something denied by the newspaper. Announcing she was stepping down, Ms Champion said: "I apologise for the offence caused by the extremely poor choice of words in the Sun article on Friday. "I am concerned that my continued position in the shadow cabinet would distract from the crucial issues around child protection which I have campaigned on my entire political career. "It is therefore with regret that I tender my resignation as shadow secretary of state for women and equalities."
Spanish Trade Secretary Jaime Garcia Legaz said the EU would intervene over Argentina's seizure of the controlling stake in YPF from Spanish firm Repsol. Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo said US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also offered support. But Argentine officials said they were not worried by possible reprisals over the nationalisation. Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced the measure on Monday, saying she was asserting sovereignty over Argentina's energy resources. Her government is taking 51% of YPF, wiping out Repsol's 57.4% majority stake. The move has wide support in Argentina but has provoked outrage in Spain, which has threatened reprisals. The Spanish government will consider what measures to take at a cabinet meeting on Friday, and has also been rallying international support. "There are going to be very clear interventions on the part of the European Union," Trade Secretary Jaime Garcia Legaz said, without revealing further details. It is not clear what any reprisals might involve. EU foreign ministers are expected to discuss the issue at a meeting in Luxembourg on Monday. Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo said Spain would also raise the issue with the IMF, the World Bank and the G-20. "We will try to pressurise Argentina so that it sees that this road is going nowhere,"  he said after meeting Hillary Clinton. He added that Spain and the US had agreed to work together to "re-establish international legality". But the Argentine government says it will not back down in its decision to nationalise YPF, which it says is a lawful action taken in the national interest. "The government takes its decisions thinking about the Argentine people and not what the US or the Spanish government think," Interior Minister Florencio Randazzo said. "We are not worried about any kind of reprisals," he added. Repsol has said it wants around $10bn for its stake in YPF, but Argentina has said it does not accept that valuation. It says YPF did not invest enough to increase output from its oil fields, forcing Argentina to rely on imports. YPF, Argentina's biggest oil company, was privatised in 1993. Last year it announced huge new finds of shale oil and gas.
Staff have been told the posts will go by March and will mainly affect management and head office roles in Manchester and Stockport. Deputy chief executive Liam Coleman said the cost reductions were "critical" as it continues its three-year plan to rebuild the business. The bank almost collapsed in 2013 and it expects to continue to be loss-making until the end of next year. Mr Coleman said: "These cost reductions are critical to progressing our turnaround and delivering a cost base which supports a sustainable core bank." He said it would continue to consult colleagues and trade unions on the proposals over the coming weeks. "We have made progress in turning the bank around since 2013, but have always been clear that the bank's recovery is a difficult journey." He said the business would not make a profit this year or next year while it continues its "turnaround plan in a challenging economic environment". Rob MacGregor, national officer at trade union Unite, said: "The speed and breadth of these cuts will hit the Co-operative Bank's much cherished customer service and with it the bank's unique selling point. "Compulsory redundancies are anathema to all trade unions, but the timing of this exercise just before Christmas is a real blow to our members." He said the union would be supporting members and pressing the bank to reconsider the cuts where possible. The bank was owned by the Co-operative Group until 2013, when a Â£1.5bn hole was discovered in its finances. The group had to go to outside investors to support the Co-op Bank, which is now 80% owned by US hedge funds, with the remainder held by the Co-op Group.
It said Mr Russell would lead the Scottish government's negotiations with Westminster over "our future relationship with the EU". Mr Russell has been given the title of Minister for UK Negotiations on Scotland's Place in Europe. He has previously held the environment, culture and education briefs. But he has been out of the Scottish cabinet since Nicola Sturgeon replaced Alex Salmond as first minister in November 2014. Ms Sturgeon said the appointment, which is subject to approval by Holyrood when it returns next month, was an indication of the importance she was placing on the negotiations. She added: "We already have an agreement with the new prime minister that the Scottish government should be fully involved in the development of the UK government's position ahead of Article 50 being triggered and beyond, and that options to protect Scotland's relationship with Europe will form part of these discussions. "By putting a dedicated and experienced minister at their centre, it will ensure that Scotland's voice is heard loudly and clearly. I am confident that Michael Russell will make strong and constructive representation to the UK government throughout this process." The first minister said External Affairs Secretary Fiona Hyslop and Europe Minister Alasdair Allan would continue to lead discussions with EU institutions and member states. She added: "Derek Mackay will continue to have overall responsibility for the constitution, including overseeing preparations for a new independence referendum bill should that prove to be the best or only way to protect Scotland's interests." Mr Russell was previously Minister for Environment from 2007 until 2009 and then served as Minister for Culture, External Affairs and the Constitution before moving to the role of Cabinet Secretary for Education which he held until November 2014. He said he was "delighted and honoured" to accept the new role. He added: "Following the overwhelming vote in Scotland to remain in the EU, it is essential that Scotland comes together to defend our national interest. Accordingly in these discussions, it is important that the nation speaks, as much as possible, with one voice. "I will therefore want to listen and learn from the widest range of individuals, communities, organisations and companies about their hopes and fears for the future." Mr Russell, who will report directly to the first minister, is expected to attend the second meeting of the EU Standing Council next week.
Mark Duffus, 41, from Forres in Moray, was among at least seven people who died in a suicide attack on the Kabul base of a logistics firm supplying Nato forces in Afghanistan. He was employed by international security management group Blue Hackle. Five guards, four of them Nepali, were among those killed in the gun and bomb attack, which happened early on Tuesday. In his profile on the LinkedIn social media website, Mr Duffus said he had been employed by Blue Hackle since 2005, and was working as a site security manager. He had previously served in the armed forces for nine years. The Kabul police chief told the BBC the four insurgents, who were all killed, had a truck full of explosives. Smoke was seen rising above the scene of the attack in the north of the city. Reports suggested the bombers' vehicle was stopped outside the facility by guards. When the explosives were detonated, gunmen began shooting at guards in a 30-minute battle, officials said. As well as the Nepali guards, two Afghan truck drivers who were waiting to enter the compound were killed and an Afghan guard. Kabul police chief Gen Ayub Salangi said all four attackers were killed and the blast from the truck left a large crater in the ground. This is the latest in a series of attacks on targets in the Afghan capital in recent months. Moray SNP MP Angus Robertson said: "The loss of anybody whether military or civilian in a conflict is terrible for their family, friends and the wider community. "My sympathies are very much with those family and friends in Forres and elsewhere at this sad time."
Speaking during a visit to communist Vietnam and talks with its leaders, Mr Obama said the move removed a "lingering vestige of the Cold War". The US is trying to bolster its relationship with its Pacific allies, as China asserts territorial claims. But Mr Obama said the embargo decision was not related to US policy on China. "It's based on our desire to complete what has been a lengthy process of moving towards normalisation with Vietnam," he said in Hanoi. Vietnam is one of several countries in the region involved in maritime disputes with China. The US insists on the right to freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. In 2014, a row over a Chinese oil rig near the Paracel islands led to clashes between Chinese and Vietnamese vessels and anti-China riots in Vietnam. Why Vietnam wants US weapons Beijing's new South China Sea islands High hopes for Obama visit White House officials had indicated the arms ban, in force since 1984, would be lifted only if human rights in Vietnam improved. "Sales will need to still meet strict requirements, including those related to human rights, but this change will ensure that Vietnam has access to the equipment it needs to defend itself," Mr Obama said after talks with President Tran Dai Quang. Vietnam had been arguing for an end to the embargo, which was partially lifted in 2014. President Obama's easing of all remaining restrictions on arms sales to Vietnam is powerfully symbolic. But what does it mean in practice? Up to now, Vietnam has relied on Russia to supply most of its defence equipment, a legacy of the Cold War, when they were allies. The government would certainly like to diversify its sources, and is looking at a number of potential alternative suppliers. But it won't be rushing into the arms of US manufacturers just yet. One reason is that a lot of US technology may be too sophisticated and expensive for Vietnam's needs. And while Vietnam's defence spending, which has doubled over the past decade, is driven by the rivalry with its giant neighbour China, it will not want to antagonise China by seeking state-of-the-art US weapons that might alter the military balance. Another reason is the complicated process of procuring US weapons. In his announcement, Mr Obama said any military contracts would still be subject to provisos on human rights, and given the Vietnamese government's poor human rights record that might hold up possible arms sales in Congress. The greatest potential for US sales probably lies in areas like military surveillance systems and coastal defence. Vietnam would welcome technology that helps it track Chinese naval forces. The partial lifting of the embargo two years ago was with the specific aim of improving US sales in this area, yet Vietnam is taking its time to decide what it most wants to buy. Mr Obama's visit comes 41 years after the end of the Vietnam War in which the US sought to prevent a communist takeover of South Vietnam. Several million Vietnamese - civilians, communist fighters and South Vietnamese soldiers - were killed, as well as more than 58,000 US soldiers. By the end of the war in 1975, the communists had gained control of the entire country. While in Vietnam, Mr Obama is expected to meet dissidents and make the case for Vietnam to remove obstacles to the US-led Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) free trade deal. Amnesty International on Monday accused Vietnamese authorities of "carrying out their repressive business as usual" in arresting six activists. "Before leaving Vietnam, President Obama must insist on the release of all prisoners of conscience," said its international advocacy director, T Kumar. In a separate move, Vietnamese officials have removed the accreditation of the BBC's Jonathan Head in Hanoi after accusing him of conducting an unauthorised interview - something he denies. The US president flies later to Japan for a summit of the G7 industrialised nations. His visit will include a tour of Hiroshima, where the world's first nuclear attack was carried out in 1945 by the US, killing at least 140,000 people. The lifting of the US arms embargo "will tighten the strategic pressure on China", Vietnamese Communist Youth Union newspaper Tuoi Tre says on its website. "It will also provide Vietnam with leverage in future arms deals with traditional weapons suppliers, particularly its long-time security patron, Russia," the paper says. China's privately-owned portal Sina News sounds a note of alarm, saying that the lifting of the arms embargo "is a cause for concern" because it may have an impact on territorial disputes in the South China Sea. A commentary (in Chinese) by Phoenix TV's news anchor Cheng Helin on Sina's "Headlines Blog" argues that Vietnam is being drawn into "co-operation to contain China" as part of "a three-way alliance with the US and Japan". But, says the author, the US is unlikely to sell Vietnam sophisticated weapons. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
Media playback is not supported on this device Wednesday's match in Lyon will be Wales' first in the last four of a major tournament. Coleman hopes Wales, appearing at a first competition since the 1958 World Cup, will become regular qualifiers. "People think the end of this tournament is the end of this journey, but it's not," he said. "It's part of the journey. The experience this group of boys will get from this, they'll be here long after I'm here. This success is part of the learning process. "When I looked at the group we were in the tournament, I thought we were capable of getting out of the group. "You never know who you'll get in the last 16, and then the quarter-final. I thought that was a possibility. I told the players that, that I genuinely believed we arrive at that stage. "I didn't know what would happen after that, if I'm honest. But we've got a good team." By guiding Wales to a brilliant 3-1 win over Belgium in last Friday's quarter-final, Coleman has already overseen his country's greatest footballing achievement. They venture into the unknown on Wednesday with their first semi-final, whereas Portugal will be appearing in the last four of a major tournament for the seventh time. Fernando Santos' side are the bookmakers' favourites in Lyon, though they have yet to win a game in 90 minutes in France. They will inevitably look to captain and record goal-scorer Cristiano Ronaldo for inspiration, and his duel with Real Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale has been the subject of much attention in the build-up to the game. Another Real player, centre-back Pepe, could have an important role to play as Portugal aim to subdue the threat of Bale, who is second in the Euro 2016 scoring charts with three goals. Pepe returned to training on Tuesday having struggled with a thigh injury and, with the defender's confrontational style in mind, Coleman was asked about potential gamesmanship from Portugal. "Our boys will know about the opposition. We do our homework on every team. We know their players individually and collectively, we know what to expect," he said. "You call it gamesmanship, but sometimes it's being streetwise at this level. We've got better at that. "We used to be far too honest. I'd look at what players used to do to us, and us in the same situations, and we'd be miles behind. "Sometimes it's not pretty, or even ugly, and you can see it as negative. But anything you need to do to stay in the game, do it. It's streetwise, football smart. We've got a lot better at that in the last few years."
Researchers assessing the results of nearly 200 studies say sperm counts among men from North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand, seem to have halved in less than 40 years. Some experts are sceptical of the Human Reproduction Update findings. But lead researcher Dr Hagai Levine said he was "very worried" about what might happen in the future. The assessment, one of the largest ever undertaken, brings together the results of 185 studies between 1973 and 2011. Dr Levine, an epidemiologist, told the BBC that if the trend continued humans would become extinct. "If we will not change the ways that we are living and the environment and the chemicals that we are exposed to, I am very worried about what will happen in the future," he said. "Eventually we may have a problem, and with reproduction in general, and it may be the extinction of the human species." Scientists not involved in the study have praised the quality of the research but say that it may be premature to come to such a conclusion. Dr Levine, from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, found a 52.4% decline in sperm concentration, and a 59.3% decline in total sperm count in men from North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. The study also indicates the rate of decline among men living in these countries is continuing and possibly even increasing. In contrast, no significant decline was seen in South America, Asia and Africa, but the researchers point out that far fewer studies have been conducted on these continents. However, Dr Levine is concerned that eventually sperm counts could fall in these places too. Many previous studies have indicated similar sharp declines in sperm count in developed economies, but sceptics say that a large proportion of them have been flawed. Some have investigated a relatively small number of men, or included only men who attend fertility clinics and are, in any case, more likely to have low sperm counts. There is also concern that studies that claim to show a decline in sperm counts are more likely to get published in scientific journals than those that do not. Another difficulty is that early methods of counting sperm may have overestimated the true count. Taken together these factors may have created a false view of falling sperm counts. But the researchers claim to have accounted for some of these deficiencies, leaving some doubters, such as Prof Allan Pacey of Sheffield University, less sceptical. He said: "I've never been particularly convinced by the many studies published so far claiming that human sperm counts have declined in the recent past." "However, the study today by Dr Levine and his colleagues deals head-on with many of the deficiencies of previous studies." But Prof Pacey believes that although the new study has reduced the possibility of errors it does not entirely remove them. So, he says, the results should be treated with caution. "The debate has not yet been resolved and there is clearly much work still to be done. "However, the paper does represent a step forward in the clarity of the data which might ultimately allow us to define better studies to examine this issue." There is no clear evidence for the reason for this apparent decrease. But it has been linked with exposure to chemicals used in pesticides and plastics, obesity, smoking, stress, diet, and even watching too much TV. Dr Levine says that there is an urgent need to find out why sperm counts are decreasing and to find ways of reversing the trend. "We must take action - for example, better regulation of man-made chemicals - and we must continue our efforts on tackling smoking and obesity." Follow Pallab on Twitter
The 21-year-old woman, who police said was a sex worker, was found early on Wednesday in Springwell Road, off Water Lane, in Holbeck. She was taken to Leeds General Infirmary for treatment, but died a short time later. A 38-year-old man was later arrested and questioned by officers investigating the death. West Yorkshire Police said the woman's identity was known, but her family had not yet been informed. Det Supt Simon Atkinson said they wanted to hear from anyone who was in the Springwell Road area between 20:00 GMT on Tuesday and 01:30 on Wednesday. He added: "We can confirm that the victim was a sex worker and the incident has taken place in the managed area where sex workers operate within a defined area during set hours. "We are therefore appealing to anyone involved in any aspect of sex work in the managed area in Holbeck to let us know anything they have seen or heard that could assist the investigation."
Mr Bondevik, who said he was travelling on his diplomatic passport, was held for about an hour. He said his passport also indicates he is a former prime minister. Immigration officials told him it was unrelated to President Trump's temporary ban on Iranian nationals. Instead, he was told it related to a 2015 law which places extra restrictions on countries that are part of the US visa waiver programme, according to an interview with ABC7 news. But Mr Bondevik said he has never had an issue travelling to the US with the same document before Mr Trump's order. During his 2014 Iran trip, he spoke against extremism at an international conference on behalf of human rights organisation The Oslo Centre, of which he is president. Iran is one of the seven countries affected by the controversial executive order from the new president. "I was surprised, and I was provoked," he said, suggesting that the mention of Iran had made him "stick out". "There is no reason to be afraid of a former head of government who has been on official visits several times to this country, including in the White House," he told Norwegian broadcaster TV2. The former prime minister was flying to the US to attend the national prayer breakfast event in Washington - which President Donald Trump also attended.
Ricci Gallagher, 46, died in hospital a week after being injured at the farmhouse in Little Burstead, Essex. It is owned by Richard Glanville, the ex-chief financial officer of a fashion firm that owned Oasis and Warehouse. Mr Glanville and another man have been questioned on suspicion of attempted murder. Both have been bailed. The victim's wife, Linda, said they had been excited about building their new home in the village, which they had moved into a week before. "Ricci was a very kind, considerate person with a great zest for life and was liked by all who met him," she said. "He was easy-going and good fun. "Ricci and I had a very happy marriage and were excited about the new phase in our lives with the move to Little Burstead." Mr Gallagher had reported a fire at his home about half a mile away in Blind Lane, minutes before police were called to the farmhouse on Sudburys Farm Road on 30 July. Police said they were linking the incidents and were investigating why Mr Gallagher had been at the farmhouse. It is understood one line of inquiry is Mr Glanville may have found Mr Gallagher inside the house. "The tragic events that have unfolded from the day of the fire at our home... have left me and my family devastated," said Mrs Gallagher. "I would ask for anyone who can help the police to do so... and finally ask that we now be left to come to terms with this terrible tragedy and grieve in private." Officers are particularly keen to trace the drivers of a lorry and a Vauxhall car seen between 09:00 and 09:30 BST on 30 July.
Media playback is not supported on this device The former England midfielder, 34, will play for the Major League Soccer club after his contract at Anfield expires. "We were aggressive in our pursuit of Steven and look forward to his contributions on and off the field," Galaxy president Chris Klein said. "I'm very excited to begin the next chapter of my career in the United States," Gerrard added. Media playback is not supported on this device "The Galaxy are the most successful club in MLS history and I'm looking forward to competing for more championships in the years to come. "One of the reasons I chose them was because of the success they've had recently. I want to add some medals and trophies to my collection." Gerrard, who has won 10 trophies at Liverpool, including the Champions League in 2005, becomes the second England captain to join LA Galaxy, after David Beckham played for them between 2007 and 2012. "We're very pleased to acquire a player of Steven's calibre, experience and character," said head coach and general manager Bruce Arena. "He is one of the most decorated players in the world and will join our team with a wealth of success playing at the highest level of the sport. "Steven will be an excellent example to our young players and we're excited to add him and his leadership to an already-talented roster."
From the moment it premiered at last year's Cannes Film Festival, Bande de Filles, or Girlhood, was a homegrown hit. The film - "a work of cinematic art" according to The Guardian - made more than Â£1m (1,346 euros) at the French box office, was nominated for four prestigious Cesar awards and secured an international film release. Girlhood is the story of a black teenager, Marieme, who lives in the vast banlieues, or suburbs, of Paris. With a dead-end future in front of her, she forms a relationship with a group of other young girls. None of its leads, including Parisienne Karidja Toure who plays Marieme, had ever acted before - a consequence, says director Celine Sciamma, of her not being able to find enough professional black actresses for the roles. "We were looking for four months," she recalls, "with a casting director and two assistants. We basically went everywhere. "We went to agencies, but there were very few black girls. And then we went in to theatre classes and high schools, but we met most of our cast randomly on the street. "We had to invent a group, with its alchemy and energy. But we also needed girls with wit, who were able to improvise, because some of the scenes required it. "All the girls are non-professionals, whereas all the boys had already been on screen. That says something about the representation of black women in cinema." Toure, 21, was asked to audition as she sat outside a restaurant in Paris's 14th arrondissement. "At first I thought the casting process was a little strange," she admits. "But there aren't many black actresses in Paris, so they had to do it that way. You know, black teenagers in Paris, boys and girls, don't watch French movies. "When you watch French films, you don't see many black characters. So we boycott them, and watch American movies instead. "During the casting there were around 300 girls, who all have dreams about being actresses. But I guess we don't really believe we can do it, because we don't see many others doing it." Like Richard Linklater's Oscar-winning Boyhood, Girlhood is a coming-of-age movie. The circumstances, though, are vastly different. Sciamma grew up in the Paris suburbs herself and says she was writing "from the things I know - that there are people who have such energy, but they are not given a vision of who they should be." Told by her teacher to stop studying and get a job, Marieme plays truant with her new group of friends and becomes a gang fighter. Soon, footage of her beating up other girls is filmed and put on to social media. "It's very true to life," says Toure. "If you know the suburbs, you know you have the same gangs, the same fights - every French teenager can relate to it. "Even when I read the script, there were similarities to my life. I've been followed in stores by shop security guards who are told to do it just because I am black. "My own teacher told me not to bother continuing to study, but to go and get a job." "I wanted to make a contemporary film," explains Sciamma, "and this is an important part of contemporary culture in France. "The situation is defined by our history with France's former colonies, France's urban policies, even France's architectural choices with the housing estates that make up the banlieues. "It's a very French setting with an universal plot, which is why I think it's being seen by an international audience." Girlhood earned Sciamma a Cesar nomination for best director, while Toure was nominated as most promising actress. "I was only the second black actress to be nominated for a Cesar in France," she points out. "I think this has to have an impact on the film industry." "Girlhood is statistically and symbolically a step," Sciamma goes on. "It can change something because it did well at the box office. It shows that there is an audience and an interest for black characters. "The film allowed the faces of four young black women to be everywhere in the street of Paris, on billboards, in the subway. I hope it means more stories are on the way." Toure has gone back to study but hopes to continue acting. "Lupita Nyong'o is my inspiration," she says. "I think perhaps her breakthrough in 12 Years a Slave was the British having their own Girlhood moment. "I love her performances, but most of all she's a very dark black woman and she's proud of her colour. That's what I want." Girlhood is out in the UK and Ireland on 8 May.
M&S ended 4.4% higher after like-for-like general merchandising sales rose 0.7% in the three months to March 30. Bottling company Coca Cola HBC topped the risers, closing up 4.6%. The benchmark FTSE 100 closed up almost 24 points, or 0.35%, at 6,833.46. M&S saw overall sales rise by 1.9% over the quarter, with like-for-like food sales also up 0.7%. Online sales jumped nearly 14%, returning M&S.com to growth. The biggest blue-chip faller was BHP Biliton, shedding 2.6%, while fellow miners Antofagasta and Anglo American also slipped 2.1% and 1.9% respectively. Outside the main index, drug company BTG finished up 4.8% after raising its annual revenue forecast, while Telecom Plus was the top riser on the FTSE 250, adding 4.9%. Electrocomponents shed almost 3.6%, leaving it as the biggest faller on the 250. On the currency markets, the pound was down slightly against the dollar at $1.4844, while against the euro, it was down almost 1% at â‚¬1.3655.
On market days, stalls cover the square of my local town in front of the old abbey and the car parks are full. Wander through the tight streets and it's hard to see that anything is different - it looks and feels the same as it always has - but a silent revolution is under way. Since 2010, national spending on local government has halved and all of our communities are having to make do with less. In Selby, the police cells and magistrates court have been closed, CCTV and bus services have been cut back, street wardens have been axed and many of the street lights turn off at midnight. And a voluntary army is at work. On the outskirts of the town, Terry Heselton manages a team of volunteers who run Barlby library - which would have closed without their efforts. "Most people would prefer it if the council could carry on providing the library service, but in the real world that's simply not going to happen," he says. Nationally, the number of library volunteers has almost doubled since 2010. It is a new model of civic provision and it brings savings, but Terry says he had doubts. "Your initial reaction as a group of volunteers is 'we're taking people's jobs, aren't we?' And I'm sure there are some people who still think that, but at the end of the day, I think we now know year-on-year, there's increasing cuts. We're never going to go back to running things the way they used to be." North Yorkshire County Council funds many of the services in Selby, but its spending power is shrinking by a third. The council has already saved £116m and it says it has done what it can to protect frontline services, with 60% of the savings found in the back office and more than 100 managers leaving. Gary Fielding has to make the figures work. He says the first cuts were genuine efficiency improvements, but it's got harder. "You go for the low-hanging fruit, you then grasp for the medium-height fruit and we're now getting the stepladders out and really climbing up that tree," he says. "We will always provide essential services to the most vulnerable, but change has got to happen - even on frontline services." Eighty-year-old Jean Collins volunteers in the Age UK Selby District offices in the town centre. The council used to pay for workers at the charity to visit isolated elderly people in their homes as part of a befriending scheme, but funding has now been redistributed to other Age UK organisations in Yorkshire and other befriending services in the town. The charity can now only afford to pay for a phone line in the office. One person affected by the changes is 87-year-old Betty McIntyre, who lives on her own in the village of Brayton, just outside Selby. She had a fall last year and has been confined to a chair in her living room for seven months. In one recent call, she told Jean: "I've been crying my eyes out because I've been so upset. All the painkillers - it's not doing me any good." She understands why the visits have become phone calls but says: "You feel closer to the people who are coming to visit you than [those who talk] on the phone, you get a picture of them." Betty is worried about how the cuts affect people in her age group and says they can't get the help they need. Selby has a Conservative MP, Nigel Adams, and District and County Councils with Tory majorities. Like voters across the country, people here chose a government which promised to balance the books, but that means changes to basic services. With the closure of the police cells, anyone arrested has to be taken to York - 15 miles away. In time, the station building itself is expected to shut and the police will move into the council building. There are 161 fewer officers in North Yorkshire than there were in 2010. The local police force has lost about £10m from its £147m annual budget and it too is making more use of volunteers. In the village of Eggborough, south of Selby, the police station is only open to the public thanks to the unpaid locals who staff the desk. The volunteers also patrol the countryside looking for crime, wearing police-style uniforms and driving a sponsored car. "We're just another [pair of] eyes and ears for the police service, because rural crime covers a big, big area and it is a little bit difficult to police it. We're not there to take their role," says Steve Barker, who has volunteered since December 2014. Their work is overseen by force control and North Yorkshire Police say the volunteers aren't used to replace funded services. But they are part of a new civic order. Volunteers have always supported communities - but here in Selby they are increasingly at the heart of important services. It's the same story across the country: life is changing in communities as everyone tries to save money wherever they can.
The 36-year-old, who rejected a new contract with Partick Thistle, has signed a two-year deal. He takes over coaching duties from Neil Alexander, who has joined Aberdeen. Head coach Robbie Neilson said: "He'll primarily be a coach, but he'll be registered as a player too and I know he'll be ready if called upon." Alexander, two years older than Gallacher, had been Hearts' first choice last season but was released this summer. Jack Hamilton was given his chance at the end of the season, but Neilson is likely to look for another goalkeeper to challenge the 22-year-old. Gallacher, who joined Thistle from Ross County in 2013 but only made one appearance for Hearts' Scottish Premiership rivals last season, will also challenge for a place. "He's a vastly experienced goalkeeper and is a good goalkeeper coach too, having spent time in that role at Partick Thistle," said Neilson of the former Norwich City, Dunfermline Athletic and St Mirren man on Hearts' website. "I'm sure Jack and the other goalkeepers at the club will benefit greatly from Paul's knowledge." Meanwhile, defender Faycal Rherras has admitted that he has joined Hearts in the hope it is a stepping stone to English football. The Belgian-born Moroccan 23-year-old signed a three-year contract this week after leaving Sint-Truiden. "My dream is to play in England and I know that in Scotland the league is similar in physicality and the style of football that is played in England," he said. "This move is a chance for me to do well and adapt to those characteristics."
For a man supposedly worth millions, you would not know it by his boots. When the BBC interviewed Col Gaddafi in March, I was expecting the meeting to take place at a secret desert pavilion. Instead it was a seaside restaurant in central Tripoli. His eyes were hidden behind gold Cartier sunglasses. His flowing brown robes gave off the light scent of sandalwood. "I don't like money," he said. "I have a tent". One look at his black cowboy boots and you would think he was telling the truth. The soles were cracked and pitted, the heels worn. Last week, when I walked around his Bab al-Aziziya compound on the day it fell, I saw where the money had gone. He had a tent like no other tent in the world. But by the end of the day it was just ashes. The next image shows the last big demonstration in the Tripoli area of Tajoura before the authorities cracked down with pre-dawn raids and mass arrests. It was just after prayers one Friday in March. I went back the following week when the BBC team broke away from their government minders at the Rixos Hotel. There was no demonstration. The anti-Gaddafi graffiti had been painted over and the local imam told us many young people had been taken away during the night. Soon after we turned up, government heavies arrived in minivans to take us away. This was the last time journalists were able to move easily around the capital before it fell five months later. The next audience with Col Gaddafi was on 2 March, the anniversary of the "establishment of the people's authority". This is when Col Gaddafi says he handed over all power to the people, so he could not technically stand down. The crowd was delighted, the rest of us bemused because he arrived in a brand new golf buggy, its front seat draped with a white sheepskin rug. He talked for three hours. Occasionally he allowed some chants and cheers, and then tapped his microphone, at which the crowd promptly shut up. The last time I saw Col Gaddafi, he was driving his buggy towards a lamp post. But his security team cleared a path and he drove off with two secret service types clinging to the back. This was one of the government soldiers who had taken back the town of Zawiya, near Tripoli, from the rebels. The fighting was brutal as was the treatment of those arrested by the authorities. Some BBC colleagues were detained for 24 hours and subjected to mock executions. When journalists did get in, it was by media bus under strict supervision of the authorities, but the green-and-white bunting could not hide the scale of the destruction. The makeshift cemetery in the town square, where the rebels had buried their fallen fighters, had been bulldozed. The rebels winning it back proved to be a turning point in the war. The man below was typical of the rebel fighters on the eastern front outside Ajdabiya in April. They were mostly disorganised and ill-disciplined. He was among those who fled at the first sign of an incoming round. It was at this time that the Libyan government was trying to push the idea that these fighters were linked to al-Qaeda. We tended to see them as more of a danger to themselves than to us. Their evolution into a proper fighting force took many months and some training from foreign military experts. Combined with a steady stream of new weapons and Nato's air campaign, over time they became a force to be reckoned with. Years of being silenced have led to an explosion of graffiti in Libyan towns and cities. Artists played a cat-and-mouse game with the authorities in Tripoli - they sprayed by night and government lackeys whitewashed by day. This wall - in Liberation Square in Misrata - is in no danger of being repainted. Less artistic but more poignant was graffiti by the family of Abdel Salem Fouzy Alshaba, a 23-year-old economics student. The day after I took this picture, I watched him die at a hospital on the city's western front line. He sustained head and back injuries from a grad rocket fired by Gaddafi forces. Within days, his family was using a spray can to rename streets across the city in his honour. This building in the Bab al-Aziziya compound is where Col Gaddafi made most of his anti-Western speeches. It was bombed in 1986 by US warplanes in revenge for a nightclub bombing in Germany that targeted US servicemen. The fist crushing the US fighter jet symbolised Col Gaddafi's defiance. After the compound fell to rebel forces, young men were queuing to have their photo taken on it. A few days later, someone "liberated" the famous fist from its mount and it has not been seen since. They could not get to the man so they were tearing apart everything he owned. This was inside Gaddafi's compound, where I watched rebels walking away with vases, paintings and fridges. What they could not carry, they smashed to pieces. Comparisons have been drawn with the fall of Baghdad, raising fears of what may follow. But Tripoli is a very different story. Only symbols of the regime have been attacked. The rest of the city has remained largely secure. This would have got this young boy's family in a lot of trouble a few months ago. But the images people were once forced to mount at their homes and businesses are now used to show their contempt for the regime. This was outside a hospital in Misrata. But everywhere in Tripoli, people are walking over images of the self-styled father of the nation. Libyans have lived with the cult of Gaddafi for more than four decades. No-one knows where he is hiding, but what is clear is that this young Libyan is not going to grow up like his parents - in Col Gaddafi's shadow.
Mohammed Sidique Khan, Shehzad Tanweer and Hasib Hussain, along with a fourth man Germaine Lindsay, detonated bombs in London killing 52 people in 2005. Qari Asim, of the Leeds Makkah Mosque, said their families were still in "this sense of shock and disbelief". He said an event retracing their steps would take place over the weekend. Mr Asim, whose mosque is in the Hyde Park area of Leeds, said: "Ten years on and the Muslim community, and the wider community, we are all still looking for answers, we are all still trying to find out what are the factors and what is the evidence that leads to radicalisation. "The families of those three men who came from Leeds and blew themselves up in London, they are still looking for answers because to them they would never have imagined that their young men would do something like that and they're still going through this sense of shock and disbelief." He said the three were described as "ordinary young men, they were gentlemen, they were good to talk to, they were very friendly people effectively", he said. "How can three young men, living their ordinary lives, become so radicalised? Can be so motivated that they can take their own lives but also take the lives of others?" This weekend a group of young people from different faiths are to travel from Leeds to London retracing the steps of the three bombers. The Leeds Peace Ambassadors will undertake a "peace journey" to mark the 10th anniversary of the bombings, hoping to inspire unity among different faiths. Fifty-two people died and hundreds were injured when bombs exploded on three Tubes and a bus. Thirteen victims were killed on the bus at Tavistock Square, 26 died in a bombing at Russell Square on the Piccadilly line; six died in an explosion at Edgware Road on the Circle Line; and seven died at Aldgate on the Circle Line.
Seema Malhotra formally complained to Commons Speaker John Bercow, saying the "privacy, security and confidentiality" of her MP's office had been violated. She also said her staff had felt "harassed, intimidated and insecure". A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said an aide had been checking when the office would be vacated, and denied intimidation. Ms Malhotra resigned as shadow chief secretary to the Treasury last month in protest at Mr Corbyn's leadership and is now backing leadership challenger Owen Smith. In a statement, Ms Malhotra said staff working for Mr Corbyn and shadow chancellor John McDonnell had gained "unauthorised entry into my office in parliament". The MP for Feltham and Heston described several incidents when people from the leader's office used digital keys to open the office door. "The implications of this are extremely serious," she said. "This is a breach of parliamentary privilege and is a violation of the privacy, security and confidentiality of a member of parliament's office. "Furthermore, my staff, including an intern, who have always been courteous and open, have felt harassed, intimidated and insecure and decided themselves it would be best to not leave anyone alone in the office." She has complained to Mr Bercow and to Mr Corbyn and called for a formal investigation. A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said accusations Karie Murphy - the Labour leader's office manager - had intimidated anyone were "untrue". He said Ms Murphy had been checking to see if the office had been vacated by Ms Malhotra following her resignation. "As an office manager on the leader of the opposition's floor, Karie has a key to open all offices. She accessed the office in question to confirm when it would be vacated. "It is a month since Seema Malhotra resigned as shadow chief secretary to the Treasury, and the office is intended for the person holding that position." BBC political correspondent Carol Walker said the incident was "another extraordinary twist in Labour's increasingly bitter internal battle". The complaint comes after more than 40 female Labour MPs wrote to Mr Corbyn saying he had failed to do enough to prevent "disgusting" threats against members. The group of female MPs - including former shadow ministers Heidi Alexander, Paula Sherriff and Kerry McCarthy - say intimidation has been carried out in Mr Corbyn's name. Speaking on Saturday, Mr Corbyn condemned abuse among members, saying "it has no place in our party". He said: "I don't do personal abuse, I don't respond to personal abuse, I condemn any abuse from others." Meanwhile, leadership rival Mr Smith said his wife, Liz, had been a victim of online abuse and claimed there was now a level of abuse, anti-Semitism and misogyny in Labour that was not there before Mr Corbyn became leader. "My wife stood recently for a community councillor position in the village where we live in South Wales and was subject to a torrent of online abuse. It's a community council position." He added: "I think it's just absolutely unacceptable." Mr Corbyn is facing a challenge from the former shadow work and pensions secretary, after Labour MPs overwhelmingly backed a motion of no-confidence in their leader. The winner of the leadership contest will be announced on 24 September.
Leeds, playing under head coach Thomas Christiansen for the first time, went ahead through Phillips' smart finish. Last season's top scorer Chris Wood then headed in for 2-0, only for Bolton forward Gary Madine to nod home. But Phillips' tap-in quickly restored Leeds' two-goal lead, and they held on despite Adam Le Fondre's penalty. The former Reading front man smashed his spot-kick down the middle, with Conor Shaughnessy having fouled Madine almost immediately after coming on. But the headlines belonged to 21-year-old Phillips, who doubled his career tally for Leeds during the first half to put the visitors in control. New Zealand forward Wood, who scored 30 goals last season as Leeds narrowly missed out on the play-offs, also opened his account with a clinical header in off the underside of the bar. But there will be some concern over the fitness of defenders Gaetano Berardi and Matthew Pennington, who were both forced off injured prior to half-time. Bolton, promoted from League One in May, were direct throughout but struggled to create anything clear-cut from open play - and also lost midfielder Josh Vela through injury at the end of the game.
The 31-year old joins from Gloucester City and reunites with boss Graham Westley for a third time. Reid scored 66 goals in 112 appearances for the Exiles between 2008 and 2011, helping them win the 2010 Conference South title, before Westley paid £100,000 to take him to Stevenage. Newport have also re-signed former club captain David Pipe. Defenders Mark O'Brien and Sid Nelson have also arrived at Rodney Parade. "I am delighted to confirm I have signed a contract back at Newport County, the club I enjoyed so much success with," Reid wrote on Facebook.
Earlier the Saudi foreign ministry said it had turned down the non-permanent seat, accusing the world body of "double standards". The ministry said the UN needs to be reformed first. It said the Security Council had failed in its duties towards Syria as well as in other world conflicts. Mr Ban refused to say whether he would be speaking to the Saudi king about the matter. "I understand that some member states, particularly some concerned group of member states, are discussing [this] among themselves," Mr Ban said. The reaction among diplomats to this unprecedented decision has been one of shock and confusion, the BBC's Nada Tawfik reports from the UN. France's UN ambassador Gerard Araud said: "We think that Saudi Arabia would have brought a very positive contribution to the Security Council, but we do also understand the frustration of Saudi Arabia." "The fact is that the Security Council has been unable to act now for more than two years," Mr Araud said, according to AFP. However, Russia's foreign ministry called the move bewildering, and said Saudi Arabia's criticism of the UN Security Council about its actions over Syria "is particularly strange". By Bridget KendallDiplomatic correspondent, BBC News Usually there is fierce competition to secure one of the 10 rotating seats on the UN Security Council - a chance to sit alongside the five permanent members for two years  on the top UN body which rules on international security issues. Instead Saudi Arabia  has used the coveted position to lodge a very public protest. This is the second protest from Saudi Arabia. Earlier this month the Saudi foreign minister pulled out of giving a speech at the UN General Assembly, expressing similar frustration. It is a dramatic gesture, but whether it makes immediate reform of the Security Council more likely, as the Saudis demand, is probably questionable. Saudi Arabia has previously expressed frustration at what it sees as an international failure to act on Syria, where it staunchly backs the rebels. The announcement came hours after Saudi Arabia was elected for the first time to one of the 10 rotating seats on the Security Council. The non-permanent members sit on the council for two years, along with the five permanent members - the US, the UK, France, China and Russia. As well as accusing the council of "double-standards" and demanding reform, the Saudi foreign ministry pointed to its failure "to find a solution to the Palestinian cause for 65 years", which had led to "numerous wars that have threatened world peace". It also criticised the UN's "failure" to rid the Middle East region of weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear weapons. And it accused the UN of allowing the Syrian government "to kill its own people with chemical weapons... without confronting it or imposing any deterrent sanctions". The UN Security Council last month finally broke a two-and-a-half year deadlock on how to deal with conflict in Syria after voting unanimously to adopt a binding resolution on ridding the country of chemical weapons. Saudi observers say Riyadh would have been working for years to gain a place on the UN Security Council, so such a decision would have to have been made at the very top of the kingdom's leadership.
Joanne Lees said she believed his missing body could still be found. The 43-year-old returned to the Outback as part of a TV special, revisiting the place where the 28-year-old was shot. Bradley Murdoch was convicted in 2005 of murdering Mr Falconio and assaulting Ms Lees, then 27, on a remote stretch of highway on July 14 2001. The murder took place near Barrow Creek, about 200 miles north of Alice Springs. The couple, from Huddersfield, were travelling when Murdoch waved down their camper van and shot Mr Falconio in the head. Ms Lees was threatened with a gun, punched in the head and bound with cable-tie restraints before she managed to escape, hiding in bushes for hours while her attacker stalked her with a dog. Murdoch is believed to have hidden Mr Falconio's body, which has never been found, despite extensive searches. Ms Lees said she had "no choice" but to run from Murdoch because "it was either run or be raped and killed". In adverts for the special edition of 60 Minutes, she says: "Pete's still missing. I know that he's somewhere here." Asked if she is "stepping inside" her attacker's mind, she says: "I guess it is a very alien thing for me to do because I'm not a violent person. "I'm not a murderer but if that's what I have to do and that's how I'm gong to find Pete then that's what I'm prepared to do." She adds: "It's because I love Pete so much and I want to bring him home and I need to bring him home." Northern Territory Police renewed its appeal to help find his remains last year. The interview will be aired on Channel Nine in Australia at 21:40 GMT on Sunday.
Iwan Lewis, 36, of Penygroes, Gwynedd, was a patient at Ysbyty Gwynedd, Bangor, before his death last May. Speaking at his inquest, his mother Elizabeth Lewis accused Betsi Cadwaladr health board of not listening to her concerns. The trust said it would give the family a written apology. Coroner Nicola Jones recorded a narrative verdict, saying it was impossible to say for certain whether Mr Lewis' death was an accident or suicide. The inquest in Caernarfon previously heard that Mr Lewis, a paranoid schizophrenic, had been sectioned at the hospital's Hergest unit for an alleged assault on his mother, who cared for him. He was later moved to the Cynan ward, where the day before his death he was refused extra medication for feeling agitated. A police officer also visited the ward a few days earlier to speak to Mr Lewis about his bail arrangements, a visit which consultant psychiatrist Dr Olufemi Adebajo told the inquest he was "extremely unhappy" about. After the hearing, North Wales Police said the officer had acted "perfectly reasonably". Supt Nigel Harrison confirmed Mr Lewis had previous contact with the police and an officer did visit him in hospital to undertake a "legal requirement" and "having sought permission to do so". He said: "As part of our multi agency work with our partner agencies, we regularly hold meetings with the local health board, where the now raised concerns by the consultant will be discussed. "The coroner made it clear that the officer acted perfectly reasonably and we are satisfied that our officers acted entirely appropriately throughout." Speaking at the inquest on Friday, the trust's clinical director of mental health, Dr Sandeep Matthews, said they "could have engaged more with Mrs Lewis, and taken her views on board". Questioned by the coroner, he agreed that "on the balance of probability" the trust had breached their duty of care to Mr Lewis. As well as an apology to the family, the trust said it was making several improvements which included better co-operation with the police, better communication with the families of patients and improvements in documentation.
The picture of Men Drinking in a Pub appears to have another work on the reverse, partly covered by wall paint. The piece was found during renovation of the artist's previous home in Whitworth Terrace, Spennymoor, by new owners Joe and Deborah Smith. Auctioneer and art expert John Anderson said it was "a piece of salvage that may yield a masterpiece". "Most artists, if suddenly touched by the muse will grab whatever is available to work out the inspiration," he said. The artist, who died last year, started working in the mines when he was 14 and became famous for his paintings of everyday life in the industrial North East after attending the Pitman's Academy. "In this case, presumably, he looked at it and thought 'there's a painting I'm not satisfied with'," said Mr Anderson. "Rather than going to the shop when he was panelling the bathroom cupboard, this was a cheap and convenient expedient." Mrs Smith, whose father was Cornish's cousin, said the panel was not signed but "it is definitely a Cornish because his son-in-law Michael has authenticated it and has written a letter of authentication". The painting is to be auctioned by Anderson and Garland in September. An early self-portrait of the artist with a hidden portrait of his wife on the other side was sold by the auctioneers for Â£13,500 in January.
The group, who have sold 70 million records, said Mr Corbyn had inspired young people and offered a "believable" alternative to business as usual. Mr Corbyn has been backed by several stars, such as actor Daniel Radcliffe. But best-selling Harry Potter author JK Rowling has called him a lousy leader. Mr Corbyn is being challenged for the leadership by Owen Smith. The result of the election will be announced on 24 September. The Labour leader, who has said he wants the arts to be a priority for the next Labour government, has received a number of celebrity endorsements in recent weeks. Birmingham-based UB40, named after the then government's unemployment benefit form, were one of the most successful British groups of the 1980s and 1990s, notching up 50 hit singles - among them the chart toppers Red Red Wine, Can't Help Falling in Love and I Got You Babe. Although three members of the original line-up have left in recent years, sparking a legal dispute over the use of the band's name, the remaining members led by guitarist and vocalist Robin Campbell have endorsed Mr Corbyn. "Jeremy has re-ignited an interest in politics for people who no longer felt included, and engaged and inspired a new generation of young voters who, for the first time, believe that they have an incorruptible politician who truly represents them," Mr Campbell said. Drummer Jimmy Brown said Mr Corbyn was the only frontline politician "willing to speak up for working people who have been badly treated by successive governments, including New Labour, in recent decades". Mr Corbyn, who is opposed by the majority of his MPs and lost a vote of no confidence after the EU referendum, welcomed the band's backing ahead of a planned joint appearance on Tuesday. "UB40's story was and remains inspiring; people from across cultures and backgrounds coming together and combining their talents - in a time when prejudice was more prevalent - and creativity to produce music that has endured across decades," he said. As part of his arts manifesto released last month, Mr Corbyn pledged that all primary schools in England would get extra cash to fund arts activities and a single national scheme for arts scholarships would be set up. The Labour leader told the Guardian on Monday he would be happy to meet JK Rowling to discuss their differences after she said he was taking the party in the wrong decision. Her suggestion that Mr Corbyn risked destroying Labour and that the poorest in society need an "electable" alternative to the Conservatives not "mouthy, impotent socialism" provoked an angry response from Corbyn backers on social media.
Gordon Underwood, 39, was fined Â£300 after admitting the charge, and one of obstructing three of his colleagues, at Hull Magistrates' Court on 23 March. Underwood worked as a licensing officer at Humberside Police. He was dismissed at a disciplinary hearing for discreditable conduct. More on this and other Hull stories The hearing, chaired by temporary Chief Constable Garry Forsyth, found Underwood's behaviour "fell far short of the standards of a police officer". Underwood did not attend the proceedings but accepted the charge. The tribunal heard Underwood had served as an officer for 15 years and was of "previous good character". The incident that led to his conviction took place in Hull city centre on 15 February. Ch Supt Judi Heaton, head of the force's professional standards branch, said: "The public can be reassured that the vast majority of our workforce are hard-working, dedicated and committed professionals and it is important that those who let down the force are held to account and are not able to damage its good reputation."
A "concrete plan" was in place for the operation over the eastern city of Deir al-Zour, said Jan Egeland, who chairs a humanitarian taskforce. Convoys of UN trucks on Wednesday began delivering much-needed aid to 80,000 people in five other besieged areas. The UN says 200,000 residents remain besieged in parts of Deir al-Zour. "It's a complicated operation and would be in many ways the first of its kind," Egeland said of the air drops. The UN will work with the Syrian Arab Red Crescent and other local groups to drop aid by parachute for distribution, World Food Programme spokeswoman Bettina Luescher said. She did not specify when the air drops would begin but said a single aircraft would be used initially. The World Food Programme had previously ruled out humanitarian air drops in Syria due to the complexities of obtaining use of airspace, organising distribution on the ground, and finding suitable drop zones. The UK government also said air drops were "high risk and should only be considered as a last resort when all other means have failed". But Egeland said the strategy was the only way to feed people in Deir al-Zour. "It is either air drops or nothing. Air drops are a desperate measure in desperate times," he told Reuters. Speaking after a meeting of the 17-member International Syria Support Group (ISSG), he also said that UN aid was expected to reach all of Syria's 18 besieged areas within a week. The UN believes more than 480,000 Syrians are living in besieged areas, with four million more people in so-called "hard-to-reach" areas. All parties to the conflict are believed to have used siege warfare - where military forces surround an area and cut off essential supplies - in breach of international law. On Wednesday, aid trucks reached rebel-held Muadhamiya and Madaya, near Damascus, and pro-government northern villages of Foah and Kefraya. Another town, Zabadani, was reached later. The supplies, which included some medical supplies, are expected to last for about a month. The deliveries were part of an agreement approved by the ISSG that world powers hope will lead to a "cessation of hostilities" by Friday. The agreement does not apply to the fight against IS or al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, and offensives by Syrian government forces and Kurdish militia fighters on rebel-held areas of the northern province of Aleppo have dimmed hopes of a truce. A new report from humanitarian group Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) says 1.9 million people are under siege in Syria. It said data from hospitals and clinics it supports recorded 154,647 war-injured people and 7,009 war dead in 2015, 30 to 40 percent of whom were women and children. The data, MSF said, showed "civilians and civilian areas continued to be devastated" by the conflict. A strike on an MSF-supported hospital in Idlib province on Monday killed 25 people, the group says. "Permanent members of the UN Security Council, four of whom are actively involved in the war in Syria, must answer for their failure to uphold their most basic responsibilities toward civilians," said MSF president Dr Joanne Liu.
Jake Morrison triumphed over Lord Storey in Wavertree as the Liberal Democrats - who held power only two years ago - took heavy losses. Another high profile Lib Dem casualty was former education spokesman Paul Clein, who said his defeat was not "a reflection on local candidates". Labour took 12 of the 14 Lib Dem seats being contested. Mr Morrison, a healthcare assistant at the Royal Liverpool Hospital, said: "It's absolutely fantastic - I'm over the moon. "Obviously I hope to follow in some of Mike's (Lord Storey's) footsteps. He's been a councillor for over 38 years and is respected by residents in Liverpool and I wish him well." Local Lib Dem leader Flo Clucas said the party had suffered at the hands of a national "hate campaign" against Nick Clegg. "We had an extremely good reception on the doorstep," said Mrs Clucas. "There was no animosity against those candidates who were standing. "But as soon as you mentioned the words Lib Dem the words that came back were: 'We all know what Nick Clegg has done. He has jumped into bed with the Tories'." Mrs Clucas said the national Labour Party had run a negative campaign which she thought was "very bad for politics indeed". Lib Dem councillor Richard Kemp, who represents Church ward, said his party would come back from the brink. "I thought we would have done badly, but not this badly," he said. "We have lost some really good people but it's by no means the end of the Lib Dems in Liverpool." Labour council leader Joe Anderson said: "Liverpool has suffered the worst cuts of any city or town in the country. "They are hurting but not working. It's no wonder the Lib Dems suffered their biggest defeat in 50 years." Former Lib Dem leader Warren Bradley had to stand down as the party's leader last month, after an email he had written predicting big losses in the city was leaked. Labour swept to power in Warrington Council taking six seats from the Lib Dems. The council previously had no single party in control but Labour now has a majority with 34 out of 57 seats. Labour became the largest party on Sefton council - after it gained five seats and the Lib Dems lost five - although the authority remains in no overall control. Labour also became the largest single party on the hung Wirral Council with the five seats they took from the Lib Dems, leaving the party with 29 seats to the Tories' 27. The Lib Dem leader Simon Holbrooke was one of the party's casualties. Labour retained control of Halton Council, gaining seven seats, and kept hold of Knowsley, where the party took three seats from the Liberal Democrats, two from the Conservatives and two from other representatives. Labour also strengthened its grip on St Helens where it gained seven seats. The party now holds 35 of the council's 48 seats.
It also says professions like politics and the law continue to be dominated by privately educated Oxbridge graduates. The Trust said a child's chances of reaching the top still came down to their schooling and contacts. The government said the state sector was increasingly matching the private sector in terms of academic attainment. Researchers for the Trust, which campaigns for greater social mobility, looked at the educational backgrounds of more than 1,200 people, working in high positions in medicine, the law, the military, journalism, politics, the civil service, business, film and pop music. They also looked at Nobel Prize-winners. The report - Leading People 2016 - found that more than two in five (42%) of British Bafta winners went to a private school, compared with around a fifth (19%) of those who have been awarded a Brit music award. Also, two-thirds (67%) of British Oscar winners were privately educated, among them Eddie Redmayne, who went to Eton, and Kate Winslet, who studied at Redroofs Theatre School. The Sutton Trust suggested the successful state-funded BRIT school in Croydon, which counts Adele and Jessie J among its former pupils, may be one reason why the proportion of state-educated top music stars is higher. The research found that three-quarters (74%) of the UK's top judges went to a fee-paying school, and nearly eight in 10 (78%) went on to Oxford or Cambridge University. Among top military personnel, some seven in 10 (71%) were educated in the private sector, although just 14% were Oxbridge educated. Slightly more than half of leading print journalists and solicitors (51% each) attended fee-paying schools. Just over half (54%) of these journalists attended Oxford or Cambridge, along with 55% of solicitors and 51% of the senior civil servants included in the study. In politics, half the Cabinet were privately educated (including old Etonian Prime Minister David Cameron) compared with 13% of the shadow cabinet, and around a third (32%) of MPs. The current Cabinet does have fewer former independent school pupils than the coalition cabinet of 2010, the report notes, but slightly more than Tony Blair's post-election Cabinet in 2005. Just under half (47%) of the current cabinet are Oxbridge graduates, along with 32% of the shadow cabinet. The trust said that of the country's top doctors, 61% were educated at independent schools, nearly one-quarter at grammar schools (22%) and the remainder (16%) at comprehensives. The private school sector educates 7% of the population. "The top of many of the UK's most prestigious professions remain disproportionately constituted by those with elite educational and socio-economic backgrounds," the study says. Sutton Trust research fellow Dr Philip Kirby, who wrote the report, said: "Young people from more advantaged backgrounds often have broader professional social networks, which can be used to access certain jobs, as well as parents who might be more able to support them through unpaid internships, which are increasingly important for career development." Chairman of the Sutton Trust Sir Peter Lampl said: "Our research shows that your chances of reaching the top in so many areas of British life are very much greater if you went to an independent school. "As well as academic achievement, an independent education tends to develop essential skills such as confidence, articulacy and team work which are vital to career success. "The key to improving social mobility at the top is to open up independent schools to all pupils based on merit not money as demonstrated by our successful Open Access scheme, as well as support for highly able students in state schools." A  spokesman for the Department for Education said: "Thanks to our reforms - which are underpinned by a total commitment to social justice - 1.4 million more pupils and counting are being taught in good or outstanding state schools than in 2010. "As the independent Good Schools Guide has recognised - the state sector is increasingly matching the private sector in terms of academic attainment and learning environment. "University entrants are at an all-time high, with rising numbers of children from disadvantaged backgrounds going to university and the number of disadvantaged students attending Russell Group universities doubling since 2010. "We are determined to spread this educational excellence everywhere, extending true social mobility for all. We are continuing the pupil premium at current rates for the duration of this parliament."
Many larger firms offer to "match" additional pension saving by their employees, by adding a contribution when workers save more. But insurer Royal London said that many workers were unaware of the option, and failed to take advantage. This could make a difference of hundreds of pounds in retirement income, it said. Despite having to make a number of assumptions in calculations, Royal London has estimated that an estimated £2bn of employer pension contributions would be available if workers took up the option of saving to a maximum rather than minimum level. It estimated that 3.2 million workers could receive an extra £650 per year each. That would mean somebody on average earnings who chose to take up an additional 3% matched contribution to their pension pot would receive a retirement income of £22,500 rather than £19,050, thanks to the extra contribution and tax relief. The Nationwide Building Society has changed its default level to a maximum, rather than a minimum contribution. Steve Webb, a former pensions minister and now director of policy and Royal London, said more could be done to make workers at other businesses aware that their employer might add to their pension if they were willing to contribute at a higher level. "At a time when money is tight for many people and pay rises may be limited, getting your employer to contribute more to your pension can be a very cost-effective strategy," he said. "When individuals are thinking about where to put their money to get the best return, the chance to more than double your money through an employer contribution and tax relief from the government takes a lot of beating." Graham Vidler, director of external affairs at the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association, said; "If your employer offers a workplace pension, you should certainly consider joining and putting in as much as possible as if you don't you will miss out on free money in the form of employer contributions as well as the tax relief. "This research highlights how much UK employees could be missing out on each year. It is also vitally important that people start saving into a pension as soon as possible as the longer you save, the bigger your final pot is likely to be and the more you can benefit from your employers 'matching' contributions."
Mr Corbyn has not visited Wales during the campaign, and a planned visit for Friday was cancelled on Thursday night. Mr Jones said the visit was "not possible" after the suspension of former London Mayor Ken Livingstone. He also told BBC Wales the response to Mr Corbyn on the doorsteps in Wales was "mixed". Mr Livingstone has been suspended from Labour for his comments saying Adolf Hitler had supported Zionism. Mr Jones has called for the former mayor to be expelled from the party altogether. The Welsh Labour leader said: "It was planned he was going to come. We all saw what happened yesterday with Ken Livingstone, he is dealing with that in London, so it's just not possible." The decision not to proceed with the visit took place after "discussions between the two offices", Mr Jones said, adding that "given all the publicity yesterday it would detract from our campaign today". Asked if Mr Corbyn would be in Wales before voters go to the polls next week, Mr Jones said: "Probably not, because there isn't much time and parliament is sitting next week. "If it's possible, great, but I don't think it's going to be possible between now and Thursday." Asked how voters were responding to Mr Corbyn on the doorstep, Mr Jones said: "I think if I'm honest with you, it's mixed. "Yes, there are some people who are saying to me, well, I'm not sure about Jeremy Corbyn. There are others who take the opposite view. "What we're finding is that fewer and fewer people are mentioning him on the doorstep and more and more people are saying David Cameron and the Tories, they're divided on everything." On  Friday, a source close to Labour's UK leader said: "Jeremy Corbyn cancelled the visit due to a high level of media interest that would have affected the day's campaigning." A spokesman for Welsh Labour said the party was trying to reschedule a visit by Mr Corbyn before polling day on Thursday. Analysis by BBC Wales political editor Nick Servini Senior Welsh Labour figures are putting a brave face on things but behind the scenes there is barely concealed irritation at the way the headlines have been dominated by further question marks over the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn. The party has been effective so far in running a Jeremy Corbyn-free campaign. The UK leader has not been to Wales of late and there has been little mention of Westminster politics by Labour candidates so far. There is a reason for this - Jeremy Corbyn plays badly on the doorstep with plenty of voters in key marginal seats. Carwyn Jones says fewer and fewer people have been mentioning him, which may be a reflection of the success Labour have had in largely keeping him out of the assembly campaign. Whether they like it or not, Labour's internal divisions at a UK level are back out in the open and it is something they are going to have to deal with as we head into the final weekend of the campaign. Commenting earlier on Friday on reports Welsh Labour had asked Mr Corbyn not to visit Wales, former Welsh Secretary Lord Hain said: "Given what's happening in London, it's sensible we concentrate on what's going on in Wales." Labour was a "proud anti-racist party", he told BBC Radio Wales, saying the Livingstone controversy was "an aberration". Newport West Labour MP Paul Flynn rejected the idea Mr Livingstone was anti-Semitic. He said there was a "misunderstanding" over the comments and denied there was any "crisis" in the party. "The Labour Party has been friends with Israel and with Jews forever," he told BBC Radio Cymru. "People have made a mountain out of a molehill." Mr Corbyn visited the closure-threatened Port Talbot steel plant in March, but has not been seen in Wales since. Prime Minister David Cameron has only made one visit to Wales during the election campaign; earlier this week he too visited Port Talbot, and joined Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies at a factory in Gorseinon, near Swansea, although no TV cameras were allowed to film the visit. Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron and UKIP's Nigel Farage have both made two visits to Wales during the campaign.
The slow left-armer, who had managed only six wickets in his previous 17 Tests, helped dismiss India after tea despite the home side winning the toss. Murali Vijay top-scored with 75, while leg-spinner Imran Tahir claimed 2-23. South Africa struggled to 28-2 in the 20 overs possible before the close, with opener Elgar unbeaten on 13. Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin, opening the bowling, trapped Stiaan van Zyl lbw for five before Faf du Plessis - also playing no shot - was bowled by Ravindra Jadeja. Nine of the 12 wickets in the day fell to spin, with Vijay - lbw attempting to sweep Simon Harmer - part of a collapse from 102-3. "This is not a good Test pitch wicket though it's a result-oriented one," said Elgar. "We sort of expected it to play like that but we didn't expect it to crumble so early. "It was right up there with the hardest ever Test cricket I've played. Let's hope that it backfires [on India] and turns out to be a great victory for us." India's batting coach Sanjay Bangar responded: "It's a very challenging wicket where run-making is not easy. "It says 201 runs on the scoreboard but it's worth far more. But I think runs can be made on this wicket as Vijay showed. It's going to be a test of patience both for batsmen and bowlers." This Test is followed by matches in Bangalore, Nagpur and Delhi.
Despite always affirming a strong bond with Scotland, she was a divisive political figure. First Minister Alex Salmond said Baroness Thatcher was "truly formidable". Scottish Conservative leader, Ruth Davidson, also paid tribute saying she was "one of the truly great Prime Ministers". Mr Salmond said the former Conservative Party Prime Minister's "policies defined a political generation" for many people in Scotland. "No doubt there will now be a renewed debate about the impact of that legacy", he continued. By Brian TaylorPolitical editor, Scotland She never quite got Scotland.  However, Margaret Thatcher is not alone among Westminster leaders in that regard. For the most part, she was adored by her party in Scotland, just as in England. But, even as they worshipped, quite a few Scottish Tories fretted that her politics would prove particularly divisive north of the border and thus electorally unpopular. Read more on Brian's blog "Today, however, the proper reaction should be respect and condolences to her family." Ms Davidson praised Lady Thatcher's policies, including extending the right for people to buy their council house. Ruth Davidson said: "She defended Britain's sovereignty, helped win the cold war, empowered thousands to own their own home by democratising property ownership and smashed the glass ceiling. "My thoughts are with her family." Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont said: "I came into politics to fight the ideology and values of Margaret Thatcher which I believe damaged our country. But today is not a day to debate that. "Today is a day to offer the deepest condolences to her family, friends and all who loved her. "No-one can deny she made a deep mark on the history of this country." Under Baroness Thatcher's leadership the Conservative government implemented social and economic policies which were unpopular in Scotland, including the Community Charge or poll tax. The introduction of the poll tax, which took place in Scotland in 1989 - 12 months before the rest of the UK, led to widespread protests and a lasting animosity towards the Conservative party in Scotland. Sir Malcolm Rifkind, served as Secretary of State for Scotland in her cabinet, said many of her major achievements also continued to be reflected in public opinion. He told BBC Scotland: "In a sense what made her so magnificent is occasionally what made her a very difficult and controversial character because she had very strong views, she put them forward uncompromisingly. "She didn't mind being challenged, indeed she would listen with great care if she thought the person challenging her actually knew what they were talking about and she could change her mind and opinions, but only on the basis of solid evidence and solid argument. "She would not be influenced by the fact it would be unpopular. That she despised, as well as disapproved of." Baroness Thatcher's economic policy was also praised by Iain McMillan, director of CBI Scotland. He said: "It is all too easy to overlook the dreadful state that the UK economy was in at that time and the challenges that she and her government faced. "Through sheer tenacity and immense courage, Margaret Thatcher changed the UK economy for the better and laid the ground for years of greatly improved economic performance." The former chief political correspondent of the BBC, John Sergeant said: "It's interesting that her two election campaigns that really mattered were 1979 and '83 - both of them started in Perth. That's where she made her opening speech. "So Scotland did matter to her a great deal, but she was always rather dismayed that she didn't do very well in Scotland. "Her heart used to sink travelling north, as it did for Tony Blair. Once the poll tax was hung round her neck, and of course the miners dispute and everything else, she was always an amazingly divisive figure in Scotland and Tory fortunes north of the border never recovered from that early period."
James Stark, 37, Steven Sheldon, 35, and Martin Williams, 36, all from south Wales, died in Wiltshire in June 2014. Stephen Jenkins, 39, of Abercwmboi, was driving a van that crashed into a lorry, near Chippenham. He was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving at a previous hearing at Swindon Crown Court. Speaking after sentencing, Sgt Barrie Card, from Wiltshire Police, said: "Falling asleep at the wheel doesn't happen straight away, you will get telltale signs and that's when you must act before it's too late. "Every driver owes it to themselves, their passengers and other road users to make sure they are fit to get behind the wheel, and that includes not being too tired. "The road safety message 'tiredness kills' is true and sadly so true in this tragic case." Jenkins, of Park View Terrace, was also disqualified from driving for four years and three months and will have to take an extended retest to get his driving licence back.
The Space Vision app gets children to tap increasing faint black and white squares on a grey background to make aliens pop up and make a noise. Their ability to keep track of the squares can be used to screen for vision problems and developers hope it will ease the burden on the NHS. The co-founder of Vision Games, said it was an "exciting prospect". Luke Anderson started the company with Dr Stephanie Campbell with support from the Centre of Excellence in Mobile and Emerging Technologies at the University of South Wales. Early tests picked up vision problems, such as lazy eye, in children as young as two. Mr Anderson said: "We're living in a time where there's increased pressure on the health service and if you can get patients monitoring their own vision at home that takes stress off hospital systems." The app, once publically available, would initially flag up any vision problems it identified to the user and advise them if they needed to make an appointment with a GP or optician. In the long-run, Mr Anderson said the data could be synced with family GPs so doctors could access the information to make an assessment. Mr Anderson, a consultant eye surgeon at Cwm Taf University Health Board, said the idea came from the "extremely difficult" experience of trying to assess children's eyesight using charts. They often struggled to get young children to sit still, so developing a game children would take an interest in helps them gather more data. Areas of vision tested include colour, motion, black on white and differentiating between shades of grey. The app is about to undergo larger clinical tests after a small initial run, but Mr Anderson said if everything went to plan, it could be downloadable within 18 months. Mr Anderson said getting children to sit still "was still a problem," adding: "But, looking at my children, the time when they're quiet is when they're sitting there on a tablet or a phone. "So we just naturally took the science and tried to implement it on that platform. The use of technology for efficiency within the NHS is an exciting prospect."
Why? Because of compound interest. When you save money, it earns interest. The lump sum grows from interest being added every year or every month. Interest added on top of that interest is known as "compound interest" - and means that the longer you save, the better off you are. So people who leave it late - like Dave in the example above - have compounded their financial problems when it comes to cashing in their savings. But it is worth remembering that pensions usually depend on the success of investments which, unlike savings, do not guarantee a set level of interest.
It blamed its own "hubris" for overloading the Model X with technology. It revealed that it delivered 14,820 cars in the first quarter, falling short of the expected 16,000. It comes after the firm revealed that its new Model 3 car already has 276,000 pre-orders. The carmaker said that it had delivered 12,420 Model S sedans and 2,400 Model X SUVs in the first quarter of 2016. In a statement, Tesla added that its Q1 delivery count was "impacted by severe Model X supplier parts shortages in January and February that lasted much longer than initially expected". It said that once "issues were resolved", production and delivery rates "improved dramatically". "By the last full week of March, the build rate rose to 750 Model X vehicles per week, however many of these vehicles were built too late to be delivered to their owners before end of the quarter." It was frank about the reasons for the delay: "The root causes of the parts shortages were: Tesla's hubris in adding far too much technology to the Model X in version one, insufficient supplier capability validation and Tesla not having broad enough capability to manufacture the parts in-house." Back in February, Elon Musk admitted that the car had been "over-engineered". The shortage involved about six out of the 8,000 parts that go into the Model X but Tesla did not specify which ones. It has raised doubts about how prepared Tesla will be to deliver its new Model 3 car which was announced to much fanfare last week. The basic model will sell for $35,000 (£24,423) - less than half the cost of Tesla's previous models - and has a range of at least 215 miles per charge. The car is due to go on sale in late 2017 and customers must put down a $1,000 (£704) deposit. It can be ordered in advance to dozens of countries, including the UK, Brazil, India, China and New Zealand. Mr Musk has revealed that the company is focusing on ramping up productions and will eventually need to build a factory in Europe to satisfy demand. Stephanie Brinley, a senior analyst with research firm IHS, said that it was crucial that it gets production of the new vehicle right. "Given its history of missed deadlines, this one needs to be met, to earn the faith of consumers and investors alike," she said. Last year Tesla posted a net loss of $889m (£620m) for 2015, partly because of the large sum it spent on research and development.
The Scots are preparing for friendly matches against Italy in Malta on Sunday and France in Metz on 4 June. "We can definitely get to the World Cup," said the Cardiff keeper. "We've got a good group of young lads coming through, so we don't see it [the Euro 2016 failure] as a last chance." Gordon Strachan's men begin their World Cup qualifying campaign against Malta in September. Their qualifying group also contains England, Slovakia, Slovenia and Lithuania. Marshall concedes it will be tougher to qualify for the World Cup than the Euros, but believes good showings in the upcoming friendlies can set them up for a successful campaign. "It's only the top two in the group that proceed so it's going to be harder," said the 31-year-old, who should add to his 22 caps against Italy and France. "We're going to come up against England in the qualifiers, so the higher level you play against benefits everybody. "For the young lads coming in and getting that experience, it's going to be big games, big atmospheres, especially the France game over there. "The better the team you play against, the harder the game, but it definitely benefits us in the long run. "Obviously the disappointment was there from the Euros, but I think we can take a lot of belief and confidence from a lot of the games." With Marshall's chief rivals for the Scotland goalkeeping jersey - Allan McGregor and Craig Gordon - absent from the squad, the former Celtic stopper feels it is a good opportunity for him to cement his place for the national side. "I'm just looking to keep playing," he said. "I've got an opportunity now to probably play most of the two games because Craig and Allan have pulled out. "Hopefully I can get the two games, do well again and keep my place."
Junead Khan, 25, of Marlow Avenue in Luton, downloaded a bomb-making recipe and browsed the internet for a knife used by British militant "Jihadi John". He was jailed for life in May for preparing a terror act. This has now been replaced with a 20-year jail term with five years on licence. The Appeal Court heard Khan opened the bomb pack computer file "only once" and, although he looked for a knife, he never placed an order. Although he went close to US military bases in East Anglia, including RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk, he never deviated from his planned route. "There is no doubt about the heinous nature of the crime, which Junead Khan formed an intention to commit," the judge said. "In terms of steps actually taken, he did not carry his intention far." He had committed a serious crime but not one that needed a life sentence, the panel of judges including Lord Justice Treacy and Mr Justice Leggatt, concluded. The judges also dismissed an appeal by Khan and his uncle Shazib Khan, 24, also of Marlow Avenue in Luton, against their sentences of seven-years jail, with five years of extended licence, for preparing terrorism offences. The pair had planned throughout 2014 and 2015 to travel to Syria to live under the so-called Islamic State regime, but failed to raise enough money for the fare and to buy all the kit their IS contacts had asked them to bring.
Fintan Kelly and Karl O'Connell goals helped the Farney County to a 2-10 to 0-5 half-time lead, with Ben Brosnan finding the net soon after the break. Kieran Duffy grabbed Monaghan's third goal as his side bossed the game to book a place in Monday's Round 3B draw. Wexford had three players sent-off in the second half, as well as Kelly. Kelly and Ciaran Lyng were dismissed for two yellow card offences, while Adrian Flynn was flashed a black card four minutes later, with Wexford having used their six substitutes. Substitute John Leacy was shown a straight red card moments later. Monaghan will be joined in Monday morning's qualifier draw by Tipperary, conquerors of Cavan, Carlow, who saw off Leitrim, and Armagh, who saw off Westmeath. The match pitted Wexford manager Seamus McEnaney against his native county, whom he guided to two Ulster finals in 2007 and 2010 during a six-year tenure from 2005 to 2010. In his first season in charge of Wexford, McEnaney saw his side lose to Carlow in the first round of the Leinster SFC, before edging out Limerick by a point in the first round of the qualifiers. Monaghan, who saw off Cavan in Ulster, before losing to Down, made four changes to their starting line-up prior to throw-in, with Dessie Mone, Gavin Doogan, Shane Carey and Dermot Malone replacing Vinny Corey, Darren Hughes, Kieran Duffy and Conor McCarthy. From the outset, the Ulster county appeared determined to ensure that there would be no repeat of their surprise three-point demise to Longford at the same stage of the All-Ireland series last year. Jack McCarron played a part in fashioning both first-half goals, Kelly firing a left-foot strike into the bottom corner in the seventh minute and midfielder O'Connell finding the back of the net in the 26th. A black card for Conor McManus did little to dent Monaghan's superiority as they built up an 11-point advantage at the interval. Brosnan's goal proved a mere consolation as the visitors continued to pile up the points, Duffy's well executed goal a deserved reward for their supremacy throughout. Fifteen players in total got their names on the scoresheet for the victors, Kieran Duffy top-scoring with 1-2 and McCarthy contributing four points. McCarron and Kieran Hughes weighed in with three scores apiece.
Prof Deaton, 69, is currently professor of economics and international affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University, in New Jersey. The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, which awards the prize, said that Prof Deaton's work has transformed several fields of economics. More specifically, the organisation said he had made an impact on economic theory, and on the practical application of data to investigate poverty, and devise economic policy. The headline to the statement from the academy that announced that Prof Deaton was its 2015 winner said: "Consumption, great and small". What does this mean? Consumption, to an economist, means spending on goods and services by individuals and households. Understanding it means looking at how consumers allocate spending between different things, how they divide their incomes between spending and saving, and how these patterns vary over time. The "great and small" in the academy's headline reflects Prof Deaton's analysis of consumer spending across a whole economy, and at the level of the individual and the household. One theme that runs through the academy's analysis of his work is the extensive use of data on spending taken from household surveys. Previously, economists worked much more from aggregate data for the whole economy. This focus enabled Prof Deaton to produce a theoretical approach that was more consistent with the fluctuations in consumer spending that he found. A more arcane achievement was in developing (with another economist John Muellbauer) a theory of demand for goods and services - how people allocate their spending between different products - that was motivated by problems in earlier analysis. Their system, and subsequent improvements by other researchers, "has had an immense impact in academia as well as being greatly influential in practical policy evaluation". Prof Deaton has been an influential figure in development economics. The academy describes him as an important driving force in the transformation of this area of economics - in moving from aggregate data to household surveys. To take one example - his research shed light on the question of whether rising incomes do lead to more calories being consumed, in other words to reducing malnutrition. His work suggests that it does - so encouraging economic growth can help tackle malnutrition. If that were not the case it would be an argument for reorienting policy towards direct food aid. In addition to the greater recognition of his work, and the further respect of his peers, Prof Deaton receives a financial price of 8m Swedish krona ($966,000; Â£630,000). Born in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh, Prof Deaton attended Fettes College, a private school in the city, before going on to study at Cambridge University. After teaching at Cambridge and the University of Bristol, he continued his economics career in the US. He holds both British and American citizenship. Unlike the other five annual Nobel prizes, the economics one was not established by Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel, although like the Physics and Chemistry prizes it is awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Instead it was set up by Sweden's central bank in 1968 as a memorial to Mr Nobel, who died in 1896. Its official title is the Riksbank's Prize in Economic Sciences.
Oxfordshire County Council spent £25m in 2014-15 on direct payments to support about 1,770 social care users. But an internal review has found "insufficient controls in place" to ensure money was not being misused. Payments were spent on utility bills, household repairs, food and parents paying themselves high salaries. Updates on this story and more from Oxfordshire The report added: "The deputy director has confirmed these example items may not be relevant to meet assessed eligible need." The  authority's website said direct payments were intended to pay for "a variety of care and support services". It said: "Unless there are exceptional circumstances, you can't use the money to employ a close relative or person living in your home. "You must not use your direct payment to pay for [...] items such as food, drinks, utilities, gifts or for other everyday items." A report to the authority's Audit and Governance Committee said some expenditure had not been approved "but was not stopped nor recovered". It added the current system "does not adequately clarify what is or isn't acceptable" and "does not require evidence to support payments". "Finance queries had gone unanswered and also questionable expenditure not challenged," it said. Labour councillor and committee member John Tanner said he would be pressing for more investigation into direct payments, because they were "wide open to abuse". A council spokesman said investigations were continuing into the possible misuse of "a very small proportion" of the £25m budget. He said steps would be taken to recover any misspent money and a new direct payment policy was being developed to make it clear how it should be used. Last year, David Cameron wrote to council leader Ian Hudspeth and said he was "disappointed" at proposed cuts to Oxfordshire frontline services. In response Mr Hudspeth said the council was trying to cope with £72m in funding cuts and increased demand for its services.
The alcohol is flowing, the skirts short: this is the epitome of Turkey's most liberal, Westernised city - and my first stop as I travel across the country ahead of Turkey's upcoming election. "You have pepper spray, you have tear gasâ€¦but we're still freeâ€¦this country is ours," the fans sing. On the stage at Izmir's seafront is Duman, one of Turkey's best-loved rock bands. As they belt out tunes about the anti-government protests of 2013, the thousands-strong crowd goes wild. "When I was studying in Poland, people there thought Turkey is a heavily Muslim country; that the women are all covered and men have four wives," laughs Serbay Kos, a volleyball trainer. "But Izmir isn't like that - we're like Europe and America." He takes a swig of beer as the song changes. "I'm worried that this government is trying to make Turkey into a more Muslim country, like Iraq or Syria - but we want to be free." It is a sentiment you hear frequently in this relaxed, coastal city - Turkey's third largest. Izmir has always looked across the Aegean to Europe; its Greek heritage and affluent bon-viveur feel shaping its politics. The centre-left Republican People's Party, or CHP, has its stronghold here - Izmir is known as the "CHP's castle". Staunchly secular, it is the party of modern Turkey's founding father, Kemal Ataturk. In the last election, the CHP took 44% of the vote in Izmir - more than double its national share. And it is aiming higher for the poll on 7 June. Many here fear the growing conservatism of the current government. Under the 12-year rule of the Islamist-rooted AK Party, constitutionally-secular Turkey has fundamentally changed. There is now a push to raise a "pious generation" - in the words of Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan - and CHP-dominated Izmir appears increasingly isolated. But in the Bostanli market of Izmir, local CHP candidate Zeynep Altiok is full of confidence. We stroll through the rows of artichokes, succulent tomatoes and oranges. These are rich pickings for the customers - and for campaigning politicians, as she secures vital votes. "Turkey is a big mosaic," Ms Altiok tells me, as she is handed a slice of melon by one supporter. "There should be no extremes. Neighbours live beside each other, one wearing a headscarf, one without - that's what we must do. "But the government labels you: you're either with them or against them. We have to break this." Warm words, but the CHP's history isn't exactly inclusive. For decades it embodied old-school nationalism, taking a hard line towards Turkey's minorities, especially the Kurds. And it is still seen by critics as the party of the so-called "white Turks", the wealthier, Westernised parts of society. But Ms Altiok insists the party has changed. "It's now totally modern. We don't discriminate. Our approach is to bring freedom for everybody in this country." At the top of its agenda is the issue of women's rights. The government has constantly stressed its vision of stay-at-home mothers, urging three children per family. Last year, the deputy prime minister told women not to laugh in public; the president recently insisted that men and women were "not made equal". Is Turkey increasingly misogynistic? The problem with insulting Erdogan On the corniche in Izmir, female defiance is clear. Hundreds have joined an all-women cycling group to promote empowerment as well as concern for the environment. Some wear short, brightly-coloured dresses, others have flowers in their hair. "The Turkey I want has respect for all citizens - men and women - giving everyone the same opportunities," says Pinar Pinzuti, pedalling along the bay as the afternoon sun glints on the water. "Turkey needs to change: we need a country with allies, with respect for opposite opinions - and with democracy. This is not democracy any more." Izmir's resistance to the growing advance of religion here is closely tied to its history. It was the city most associated with Turkey's war of independence from 1919, where Ataturk's army rose up against the Allied troops. And it was the place that sealed Turkey's victory in 1922 when the Turkish army recaptured the city. Hundreds of thousands of Greeks and Armenians were killed or driven out, a fire engulfing their parts of the city. While Greece still mourns its loss, Turkey sees it as a nationalist triumph. And so reverence for Ataturk - and his free, secular Turkish identity - is at its height here. BBC History Turkey timeline His picture adorns buildings, and crowds visit the house where he married his wife, Latife. "Ataturk means the world to me", says 15-year-old Lara Agon, visiting the house on a school trip. "He worked all his life to separate religion from politics - and he would be upset that today our government is holding Korans in rallies and talking about religion non-stop." As their tour comes to an end, younger children from the next-door school gather outside for a weekly ceremony. The Turkish flag is raised, the national anthem is sung and they stand for a minute's silence. This is a deeply proud city - but one that feels the "Turkishness" for which it fought has been hijacked; transformed into a conservative, Middle Eastern identity that people do not recognise. This large and multifaceted country has always grappled with its diversity, and politicians have struggled to appeal to all sides. That split is likely to be accentuated in next month's election as Turkey's political polarisation deepens. Follow the BBC News journey around Turkey ahead of the election using the hashtag #bbcturkey15.
Scottish Children's Services Coalition made the call after "disappointing" waiting times for appointments were revealed in the region. Figures show in the Lothians 15% of children had to wait more than a year. Less than half of the 665 children referred were seen within the target of 18-weeks. Two years ago the Scottish government set a target for Mental Health services that 90% young people should be seen within 18 weeks. The figures for treatment from Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) relate to the period between October and December 2016. A spokesperson for the Scottish Children's Services Coalition, a network of support groups,  said: "The figures from NHS Lothian indicating that more than half of those who started their treatment between October and December had been waiting more than the Scottish government target of 18 weeks is clearly disappointing. "In addition, of the 101 children and young people in Scotland who had been waiting for more than a year before they started treatment, these almost all relate to NHS Lothian. "We know that half of all diagnosable mental health problems start before the age of 14 and 75% by the age of 21. "As such it is vitally important that an action plan is put in place for NHS Lothian, radically improving mental health services and increasing investment in these, with an overall aim of ensuring that children and young people get the help they need, when they need it. "A target of 18-weeks is in itself still far too long. "Families usually experience months of waiting even before a referral to CAMHS. "The consequent delay in diagnosis and appropriate support can lead to a crisis situation for the child or young person concerned, as well as for their family, and the need for costly extra resources to address this. "We hope that NHS Lothian takes account of these figures and takes urgent action to address this matter." Alex McMahon, NHS Lothian's executive director of nursing, midwifery and allied health professionals, said: "More young people than ever before are accessing mental health services and we have seen a steady rise in the number of children and young people being referred to our services. "Unfortunately patients are having to wait longer than we would like and we are working hard to reduce this number. "We have  invested significantly in CAMHS over the years to support the delivery of expert services for children. We are confident they will be strengthened through integration of education, social and health services. "Our CAMHS team is working on an agreed action plan to reduce the length of time children and young people are waiting and we have approximately 200 less children and young people waiting more than 18 weeks as a result and are confident we will see further significant reductions in waiting times over the coming months."
Geraldine Newman, 51, daughter Shannon, 11 and son Shane, six, were found on Tuesday in Allerton Bywater. The children's father, Paul Newman, 42, from Normanton, was found dead on cliffs on Anglesey the same day. Mr Newman was charged with common assault on Mrs Newman in July 2013. He received a custodial sentence, West Yorkshire Police said. The assault case was assessed as high risk, subject to detailed review and monitored for 12 months. During that time there were no further incidents reported to it, the force said. There is also to be a full review of the current case, West Yorkshire Police said. Mrs Newman was found in the house near Leeds and had died of head injuries, a post-mortem examination  showed. Her two children were stabbed to death. Police said the case was "shocking". They are not looking for anyone else over the deaths. Mrs Newman, a branch manager for Wilko in Castleford, was found downstairs while the two children were discovered upstairs. Stacey Swinson, a daughter of Geraldine Newman, said: "What has happened to my family is absolutely tragic. "I would like to thank everyone for their kind wishes and condolences. "This is a very difficult time for us and I would ask that people respect our privacy while we continue to grieve with family and friends." Mr Newman was discovered on a cliff ledge at South Stack, a rocky island about 180 miles away.
George "Johnny" Johnson was 22 when he took part in the 1943 air raid using experimental bouncing bombs in Germany. Despite being nominated for the New Year's Honours list this year, the 95-year-old was omitted. Oliver Koehler, from the Dambusters Museum in Germany, said "of course" he should be honoured. Carol Vorderman has also petitioned for him to be knighted. A 237,000-signature petition calling for Mr Johnson to be knighted was taken to No 10 by Carol Vorderman and Gulf War veteran John Nichol in January. It followed  a petition by campaigner Paul Walmsley, who also wanted the recognition for the former airman. Bomb-aimer Mr Johnson, from Bristol, joined the newly-formed 617 Squadron in March 1943. Two months later, he was one of the 133-strong squadron who dodged anti-aircraft fire, power cables and mountainous terrain to drop the four-tonne skipping bomb on dams in the Ruhr Valley. Codenamed Operation Chastise, eight of the 19 planes were lost, 53 men died and three were captured. Despite Mr Johnson describing it as a "thrilling experience", he said he was "disgusted" Bomber Command had never been given its own campaign medal. "I feel there's been no attempt to recognise the sacrifice these people made," he said. But historian and author of Bomber Command, Max Hastings, said there was "an embarrassment" and "an uncertainty" about how the country "should look back on the bombing". "I do think the reluctance to issue a campaign medal does reflect how controversial it is and the possible upset it could cause in Germany," he said. But Mr Koehler said Mr Johnson was "courageous" and had been "ready at any time" to "risk his life" and should be honoured. The Cabinet Office said it could not comment on individual applications.
Heffernan finished fourth in the 50km walk at the London Games in 2012, a race won by Russia's Sergey Kirdyapkin. Kirdyapkin's competitive results from 2009 to 2012 The ruling should also see fellow Ireland walker Olive Loughnane upgraded to World Championship gold. Loughnane was pipped to 20km gold by Russian Olga Kaniskina in Berlin in 2009. Kaniskina's results, covering the period 15 August, 2009, to 15 October, 2012, have also been disqualified. "I'm delighted to hear about this long-awaited ruling and, most importantly, that Robert and Olive will now get the medals that they deserve," said Professor Ciarán Ó Catháin, President of Athletics Ireland. "This now completes the set of European, World and Olympic medals for Robert to put him up there with one of Ireland's most successful athletes. "Hopefully Robert can go to Rio and win a medal to get the proper experience and feeling he deserves standing on the podium." Australian Jared Tallent will be awarded the gold medal after coming second to Kirdyapkin in London.
Martyn Ashton, 41, from Margam, Neath Port Talbot, had set out to raise about £7,000 for rehabilitation equipment. Friends suggested he set up a crowd funding page rather than sell his Colnago C59 bike worth £7,000. He described people's generosity as humbling and touching. Mr Ashton was a professional stunt cyclist, with his videos Road Bike Party and Road Bike Party 2 gaining more than 28 million views between them on YouTube. But he lost the use of his legs in an accident during a live show in 2013. He said equipment for people with disabilities could prove expensive so the money would be put to good use. "I never, ever thought it would reach £50,000," he said. "I can now think long term. It's a remarkable thing."
The black-headed gull was unable to fly off after getting trapped about 20ft (6m) from the bank of the lake in Leicestershire. Firefighters chipped him free from the icy water at Grove Park, Enderby, after being called by the RSPCA at about 16:50 GMT on Tuesday. He was taken to a vet to warm up. The gull was then taken to a nearby wildlife centre for further care before he will be released into the wild. Firefighters used a rescue sled, which is like an inflatable raft, to reach the gull. The RSPCA said in a statement: "He was about 20ft out on the lake and was stuck fast. "Thankfully the the fire service came out to assist our officers and using an inflatable raft managed to reach the gull and chip him free from the ice."
But when she was physically attacked in January, while walking in Georgetown, the South American country's capital, she decided to seek justice. "The young man came up to me and asked if it was me who disrespected him the other night," she said, in reference to a previous argument with her alleged assailant. "And he joock [stabbed] me to my neck with scissors. I fell to the ground and when he left, I ran away. Then he came back with some glass bottles and pelted me down." "It happens a lot here in Guyana to transgender women," she added. "We live in a very homophobic society." Ms Trotman reported the matter to the police and the case went to Georgetown Magistrates Court. But seeking justice as a transgender woman is not easy in Guyana due to a colonial-era law, now 124 years old, that criminalises cross-dressing. Guyanese Summary Jurisdiction Act On her first day in the courtroom, Ms Trotman was told by the presiding magistrate to "dress like a man" at her next court date. When she returned to court on 2 March to hear the final verdict, she defiantly wore a blue top and a long, patterned skirt. This time, Magistrate Dylon Bess refused her entry, citing "inappropriate dress". "I felt really bad because the magistrate ordered me out of the court and he literally tried the case without me," Ms Trotman told the BBC. The case was dismissed and, with Ms Trotman not allowed inside the court, she only learned of the decision when her alleged attacker shared the news upon leaving the courtroom. Magistrate Bess defended his demand that Ms Trotman dress in male clothes. He said that while it was "a preference and not a requirement" that transgender women dress as men in his courtroom, "sometimes persons commit offences dressed as males and then when they appear in court dressed as a female it can have implications for how a victim can identify his or her accuser, or vice versa". He also said that it would be up to parliament to abolish Guyana's law criminalising cross-dressing and not a court of law. The managing director of Guyana's Society Against Sexual Orientation Discrimination (SASOD), Joel Simpson, strongly disagrees. "It's really a dereliction of duty for Magistrate Bess to say that parliament has to change the law," he said. "While he is a magistrate, not a judge, the court should not be applying an unjust, unconstitutional law... Where there's conflict, the constitution prevails." A former president of the Guyana Bar Association, Ronald Burch-Smith, also questioned the continued application of the law. "There's a legitimate concern when it comes to things like crime and robbery, that persons dressed in disguise might take advantage of female clothing," he said. "But in the [cases] that have come up so far that has never been an issue. It's taking advantage of an already oppressed minority. "I think the courts should take the lead in recognising that these things are irrelevant to justice." Opposition to the cross-dressing law was sparked in 2009 when transgender activist Quincy McEwan and six others were arrested and fined for loitering and wearing female attire. In protest, Ms McEwan founded Guyana Trans United (GTU) and in 2010 launched a Supreme Court challenge against the cross-dressing law, in partnership with sister organisation SASOD and the University of the West Indies' Rights Advocacy Project, U-RAP. When the case came before the court in 2013, Guyana's then-chief justice, Ian Chang, ruled that cross-dressing was legal unless done for an "improper purpose". He did not say what constituted an improper purpose. Seeking clarification, Ms McEwan and her supporters took the matter to Guyana's Court of Appeal, denouncing the law as "discriminatory" and "unconstitutional". But late in February they received the news that their appeal had been dismissed and Mr Chang's ruling upheld. Although frustrated with the decision, GTU and SASOD are determined to press on. "Our next step is to continue to have protests, let our voices be heard and then to get a petition before parliament," Ms McEwan said. "And we're not stopping there. We're going to appeal our matter before the Caribbean Court of Justice." If the Caribbean Court of Justice upholds their case, Guyana will have to amend its laws. "That's the highest court so we will have to follow the decision," said Attorney General Basil Williams. LGBT activists will likely face opposition along the way, particularly from religious pressure groups. "The Church is one factor in all of this," said the Attorney General. "But as time goes by everything becomes more enlightened." Ms Trotman is hoping change comes soon. Without the money to appeal Magistrate Bess's decision, she said: "I finished with the case. It's sad but what you can do? Certain laws need to be changed. It's very discriminating to us here in Guyana. When you're one thing and people want you to be something else."
Ms Conway is seen clutching her phone as US President Donald Trump poses with leaders of historically black colleges and universities. Twitter users accused her of "disrespect". Ms Conway was taking her own photos at the time. "That's no way to act in the People's Oval Office," tweeted one user of the social media site. "Think of all the great people who sat on that couch and put your feet down," wrote another. The images led some to question Ms Conway's body language, suggesting that she was not taking the meeting on Monday seriously. Others downplayed the excitement, indicating that it was all a bit of a storm in a teacup. The images of Ms Conway also drew comparisons to a photograph taken in 2013 showing then President Barack Obama with a foot up on the Oval Office desk. "What a story. Hope Obama never put his feet up on the furniture," writes Kevin. Mr Trump was meeting leaders of historically black colleges and universities to discuss his administration's support for the schools, including contracts and grants. Ms Conway is no stranger to controversy. Earlier this month she was criticised after citing a "massacre" which never happened while defending Mr Trump's controversial immigration ban. Her recent promotion of products linked to Mr Trump's daughter, Ivanka, led to calls for an investigation into whether she had violated ethics rules.
Witnesses compared the blast, which sent a plume of smoke hundreds of metres into the sky, to an earthquake. The explosion occurred in the Faj Attan area of the capital, near the presidential compound. A Saudi-led coalition bombing campaign has been targeting Yemen's Shia Houthi rebels since late March. Local resident Adel Mansour told Reuters news agency it was largest explosion in more than three weeks of bombing by the coalition. "My children are terrified and one of my relatives fainted because of the force of the blast." Meanwhile, a BBC correspondent in the contested port city of Aden says its hospitals lack the supplies to treat patients. Orla Guerin says medical teams in the city are complaining that patients are dying for lack of equipment. They have appealed for more antibiotics and bandages. The Houthi rebels and their allies have been trying to capture Aden for weeks but have been held back by the air strikes and by forces of President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi, who has fled Yemen for Saudi Arabia. In a televised address on Monday, rebel leader Abdul Malik al-Houthi said Yemenis would never give in to the Saudis' "savage aggression". The blast in Sanaa followed an air strike that hit an Oxfam humanitarian store in Saada, a Houthi stronghold in the north of the country. The charity condemned the strike, saying it had provided the co-ordinates of its warehouses to the Saudis. The UN says 150,000 people have been displaced by the latest fighting, and some 12 million are short of food.
From her office near the Indonesian capital's landmark Hotel Indonesia roundabout, the 24-year-old needed to cover the 30km (19 miles) to Jakarta's Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in under an hour. In a city notorious for its endless traffic jams it seemed impossible. However, as Ms Hauser was travelling light, one of her colleagues suggested that she tried a new mobile phone-based motorcycle taxi service called Go-Jek. Downloading the app, Ms Hauser used her smart phone to book and pay for a scooter to take her to the airport. Within minutes a Go-Jek rider turned up, and she hopped on the back. After a journey weaving around cars and lorries that perhaps wasn't suitable for those of a nervous disposition, Ms Hauser did indeed get to the airport on time. "I was very content, and since then have become a regular Go-Jek customer," she says. The brainchild of 30-year-old Indonesian entrepreneur Nadiem Makarim, the Go-Jek app has been downloaded more than 500,000 times since the service launched in Jakarta at the start of this year. Mr Makarim claims that no other app in Indonesia has reached half a million downloads so quickly. With no money spent on advertising, the success has solely come thanks to positive world of mouth. While motorcycle taxis, known locally as ojek, have long been a popular form of transport in Jakarta, Go-Jek is the first attempt to introduce a hi-tech booking system and guaranteed service standards. Outside of Go-Jek, ojek riders congregate on street corners, and are not officially registered. Payments have to be made in cash, and prices are a matter of negotiation. By contract, Go-Jek recruits and trains its staff, who get uniforms, helmets, and a smart phone on which they manage their pick ups. The company also sets standard fare levels, and provides its drivers with insurance. Go-Jek now has no less than 10,000 riders on its books, based not just in Jakarta, but also across the cities of Bandung and Surabaya, and the island of Bali. The company makes its money by taking a 20% commission from each journey. Mr Makarim has been a regular ojek user since his early 20s, but he admits that his childhood journeys were often a lot more luxurious. Born into an affluent Indonesian family, he would be taken to primary school in Jakarta in a chauffeur-driven car. Mr Markarim was then educated overseas, attending high schools in both New York and Singapore, before going to Brown University in the US state of Rhode Island to study international relations. This was followed by getting a master of business administration degree from Harvard University in Boston. Returning to Indonesia to work as a management consultant in Jakarta, the idea of creating Go-Jek came to him when he was speaking with his regular ojek rider. Mr Markarim says: ""I asked him, 'how long do you work?'. "The ojek driver said he normally works 14 hours a day. "And, I also asked him how many orders he normally took in a day. He said about four or five, so it meant that for 70% to 75% of his work hours, he's not actually working, he just sits there waiting for customers." Realising that there was a problem of supply and demand, Mr Markarim realised that developing a phone app could better connect would-be passengers with ojek riders, and via versa. He also decided that passengers would like to see an increased level of trust and accountability. Therefore the app allows customers to see the distance to their destination, and calculate the exact cost of the journey. For each kilometre (0.6 miles) travelled with Go-Jek, customers are charged 4,000 rupiah (29 cents; 20p). Mr Markarim also came up with the idea of utilising Go-Jek riders as a fleet of delivery men, and even personal shoppers. So instead of just using Go-Jek to transport themselves, customers can book a Go-Jek driver to collect a takeaway for them, or even do a food shop. Mr Markarim says this gives the riders a new revenue steam, especially in times of the day when demand for passengers is low. "This way, ojek drivers do not just earn money during rush hours," he says. To launch Go-Jek Mr Markarim quit a secure full-time job. Despite having recently married at the time, he felt it was a risk worth taking. With the business proving a big success so far, he is proud of what he is achieving. "We only live once," he says. "What do I want to tell to my grandkids about what I have done? Is it that I've made money or invented something that changed an industry forever? "For me what I have been doing is a lot more than just making money. This is about what I leave as my legacy when I'm no longer around in this world." Mr Markarim, who has since accepted investment from friends and other investors, now plans to expand his business operations by releasing a sister app called Go-Truk. Go-Truk aims to show which lorries in Jakarta have spare space, which can then be more easily hired out.
Media playback is not supported on this device Britain led New Zealand 21-0 at half-time and clung on as the All Blacks responded with three second-half tries. They go on to face Argentina in the quarter-finals at 22:00 BST. New Zealand were in danger of going out but qualified after Fiji's 24-19 win over the USA, and the All Black Sevens will play Fiji in the last eight. The other quarter-finals will see Japan take on France and South Africa play Australia. Britain's men are aiming to secure a medal in Rio, having seen the women's team play so well to reach the semi-finals, then miss out on bronze after a 33-10 defeat by Canada in the third-place match. New Zealand, meanwhile, have had a difficult tournament, with 15-a-side World Cup winner Sonny Bill Williams being ruled out of the Olympics after partially rupturing an Achilles tendon during the All Blacks Sevens' shock 14-12 defeat by Japan. The All Blacks Sevens only made it through to the last eight as one of the two best third-placed finishers in the group stage. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Within a few years it had achieved domination on a global scale, spawning a series that has sold more than 125 million copies. E. L. James's personal story has become a tantalising fantasy for aspiring authors. But one that technology and social media are making increasingly realisable. "There was a time when self-publishing was equated with vanity," explains John Bond, co-founder of Whitefox, one of several new companies helping 'amateur' authors publish professionally on platforms like Amazon Kindle, Google Play, Apple's iBook Store or Kobo. "Because of the digital revolution, democratisation has happened. It's almost as if the writer has become his own entrepreneur around the publication process." In their competition to get noticed, self-publishers are proving willing to take risks. Andy Weir's The Martian eventually went on to become a Hollywood blockbuster. But the story was originally published chapter by chapter on the author's blog for free. This turned out to be great exposure and it became a huge hit as an audiobook, e-book and physical book. "There was an adversarial attitude between mainstream publishing houses and self publishers a few years ago," says Mr Bond, "but I think that's changed dramatically." He attributes this to traditional publishers' new-found admiration for the self publishers' social media skills, which have helped them find new readers without the benefit of expensive marketing campaigns. Lawyer-turned-author Mark Dawson, for example, uses his website and Facebook page to give out free copies of his thrillers and curates 'Readers' Groups'. Online conversations help him establish a closer relationship with his readers encouraging them to come back for subsequent publications. Another thriller writer Joanna Penn has bolstered her following by helping others to self-publish through her website which explains how to go about self publishing. She also hosts a popular podcast interview series. So-called "Instapoets" like New Zealander Lang Leav have built up huge followings on Instagram and Tumblr, publishing their work on these platforms, before securing traditional publishing deals. Douglas Wight has just completed his first self-published book and has a more cautionary tale to tell. The former News of the World tabloid journalist set up his own company to self-publish a biography of pop diva Rita Ora, in the run up to Christmas. He and his co-author opted to sell the e-book version on Amazon, but also took the added risk of organising their own hardback print-run. Self-publishing wasn't as straight-forward as he had hoped. "You have control of what you are doing, but it's not for everyone," warns Mr Wight. "It's a lot of work and a huge learning curve." That work includes satisfying all the different formatting requirements of the various e-book outlets, organising cover illustrations and marketing, all while bearing the financial risk of the whole enterprise, explains Mr Wight. That said, he feels his gamble paid off. The hardback version has sold more than 3,000 copies and performed better than expected on Kindle. He has covered his costs and is now hoping to begin a new chapter of profitability. But what if it is not just readers you are after, but cash rewards? Orna Ross, founder of the Alliance of Independent Authors, believes the hard work of self-publishing can pay off. In the past traditional publishers would give the author around 10%, she says, negotiating a tough contract as they were the only route to market, with advances that were getting smaller. Amazon may be seen in a negative light for its impact on the high street, but for self-publishers its market disruption is largely welcomed, she says. Kindle Direct Publishing can give authors up to 70% of the purchase price. It allows authors to retain copyright and gives them a non-exclusive deal. In the US, the most mature market, independent authors are now collectively earning more from e-books than authors handled by the so-called Big Five publishers, according to advocacy website Author Earnings. However, they also charge roughly half the amount for their e-books, and there are many more of them. Generous profit margins don't mean so much if you are selling cheap and struggling to sell at all in a crowded market. Philip Jones, editor of The Bookseller magazine, believes it's a lot harder to make money from self-publishing now that the Kindle-inspired gold rush has petered out. "Smart, entrepreneurial authors" could use clever marketing on social media to get their e-books into the Top Ten charts, timing it to sell enough books over Christmas to make a tidy profit. But that trick is harder to pull off when there are so many e-books out there, he argues. "I do worry that as the market has slowed so the number of sharks willing to take money from authors has grown," warns Mr Jones. "Publishing, when it works properly, should be about moving money towards authors." The exact number of self-publishers and their impact on publishing is surprisingly hard to pin down. Amazon does not disclose its e-book sales, which are worth more than a billion dollars annually in the US alone, but remain a comparatively small part of its retail empire. Author Earnings, which scrapes public data from Amazon's bestseller lists for its analytics calculates that in the US, the amount of money spent on self-published books went up from around $510m in 2014 to $600m in 2015. "E-book sales are like dark matter," says Michael Tamblyn, chief executive of e-book retailer, Kobo, though he is willing to volunteer some information. "For us, 12% of the books we sell globally are self-published." The fragments of available data build up a picture of a new literary landscape, where the self-published author looms large. Follow Dougal Shaw and Technology of Business editor Matthew Wall on Twitter.
The "respect and responsibility review" will seek to change the "macho" culture of the country's national sport, the sporting body said. One of the most contentious episodes saw a woman hired to strip assaulted at a team party earlier this year. NZR was heavily criticised for its response to this and several other incidents that have sparked rows. This season itself, star scrum-half Aaron Smith was at the centre of a scandal after he was seen entering a toilet cubicle with a woman at Christchurch Airport. He was later found guilty of misconduct. "In the same way that rugby seeks to do better on the field, we must constantly seek ways to improve off the field," NZR chief executive Steve Tew said. The scandals that tainted New Zealand's national sport The review will consider what further action needs to be taken "to build a culture of respect and responsibility in the professional rugby environment", according to NZR chairman Brent Impey. A nine person panel will be headed by Law Society president Kathryn Beck. "I think it was quite deliberate that a woman was made chair of this panel," said Ms Beck. "It is a very clear focus on women and the impact of the respect and responsibility within the rugby community on women, both within the community and externally." The panel will also comprise of Olympic athlete Lisa Carrington, former All Black athletes Michael Jones and Keven Mealamu and Sport NZ board member Jackie Barron amongst others. The panel will provide the New Zealand Rugby board with a preliminary report next April, with panel recommendations expected to come in May.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon described the case as "shocking" after Moray SNP MSP Richard Lochhead raised the issue earlier this month. He said rural constituents were being "fleeced" with such charges. Halfords said the fee was exceptional for an online exclusive product but that a £2.99 fee would now be charged. Halfords said in a statement: "When ordering from Halfords.com, normal carriage costs to the Highlands and Islands region apply in over 95% of cases. "The exception to this was if a customer purchased an online-only exclusive product on Halfords Marketplace which is an online platform that Halfords hosts for smaller independent retailers who deliver direct. "We agree that the previous charge did not make sense if a Marketplace customer was ordering one item at a small cost and having completed a review, we have reduced the carriage costs to a standard £2.99. "All suppliers have been notified. Halfords will subsidise the difference whenever the carriage cost is more. We would like to apologise for the frustration this charge has caused for our Marketplace customers." Moray SNP MP Angus Robertson had initially written directly to Halfords chief executive Jill McDonald. He said: "Halfords' decision to quickly review and change their delivery charges policy so that a flat rate now applies regardless of where the customer lives is a very welcome change of heart. "This action by Halfords demonstrates how important it is to challenge companies large and small on their delivery policies to areas like Moray and the Highlands." Welcoming the news, Mr Lochhead said: "Excessive delivery charges are a massive frustration for people in Moray and across Scotland. "Halfords decision to now apply the same charge across the board is to be welcomed and I want to see other companies following this example. "There are many delivery options available to companies, including Royal Mail and there is simply no excuse for companies to discriminate against consumers in Scotland. "Until companies stop treating customers in rural Scotland with contempt when it comes to delivery charges then we will continue to take a hard line on naming and shaming them." A study by the Citizens Advice Bureau in 2015 found consumers in the Highlands and islands were paying substantially more for delivery charges.
Anti-bullying charity, Bullies Out wants a true understanding of what is going on. Currently, schools must record all racist incidents but there is no legal requirement for them to record other types of bullying. The Welsh Government said it was in the process of reviewing its policy "to make sure it is as strong as possible". Bullies Out founder Linda James said: "We need to have that consistent definition of what exactly bullying is. "We know that some schools are really proactive with their anti-bullying and they deal with it - but we also hear the stories that others are not. "I think if there was some consistent reporting and recording procedure for all schools then maybe that would make it a lot easier for the schools in general." Earlier this month, the funeral of 14-year-old Nyah James from Swansea was held. Her mother, Dominique Williams claims she took her own life as a result of being bullied at school. She said: "It makes us feel terrible because we weren't there to stop it. To find out she was being bullied and going through such pain of her own and we didn't know nothing about it - that kills us every day." Ms Williams added: "We feel like we've failed her. I think to myself, did I fail her as a mum because she wasn't able to come and talk to me - thoughts like that go through your head." A South Wales Police spokesperson said officers were still investigating the matter. In Northern Ireland, legislation making it a legal requirement for schools to record all reports of bullying was given Royal Assent last year and Bullies Out wants similar legislation in Wales. Rob Williams, director of policy at the National Association of Head Teachers Cymru, said the call to record all bullying incidents was "understandable". But he warned there was a danger that more focus will be put on the recording process and "not on the effective use of the data". "Utilising the information to safeguard children is the key part here, and how this translates into positive action," he said. A Welsh Government spokesman said schools must record all racist incidents - including racial bullying, but there is no legal requirement for them to record other types of bullying. He added: "Our guidance - Respecting Others - sets out guidance and practical solutions on preventing and responding to incidents of bullying in schools. "We are in the process of reviewing this policy to make sure it is as strong as possible."
A group of employees from the Northern Ireland Public Service Alliance (Nipsa) union are in dispute with their employer over pay and job grading. The grievance involves 12 higher executive officers (HEOs) at Nispa offices in Belfast and Londonderry. In a statement, Nipsa said it was "committed to resolving this dispute". Nipsa employees are not permitted to become members of the union they work for, but the staff involved are members of another trade union, Unite. Unite representative Kevin Kelly said it was a long-standing dispute and he accused Nipsa's governing general council of a "failure to practice a standard of industrial relations that they would expect of their officials". "My members are disgusted that their employer, who routinely challenges poor industrial relations practice across Northern Ireland, is acting in a manner which no employer would dare," Mr Kelly said. "This dispute is resolvable if the will of the employer existed. "It is therefore with reluctance and sadness that our members have been forced to take the ultimate action left open to them, that is the withdrawal of their labour". The affected Nipsa employees are to hold a one-day strike on Friday 30 October and will then begin a work-to-rule protest from Monday 2 November. Nipsa general secretary Brian Campfield said: "Nipsa is aware of the concerns of this group of its staff and has been involved in negotiations with their trade union, Unite, about how the issues in contention can be resolved to the satisfaction of both parties. "Nipsa has advised Unite that it is committed to resolving this dispute and is presently engaged in further work which will hopefully settle any outstanding matters."
He had month-long summer jobs there in 2009 and 2010, the EU Parliament said, without revealing his identity. Sources, however, say he is Najim Laachraoui, one of the airport bombers. The Belgian prime minister has defended his country's approach to fighting terror threats, insisting Belgium is not a "failed state". Charles Michel said everyone in authority had to take a share of the blame for failings before and after 22 March. The attacks by so-called Islamic State on a Brussels airport and metro station killed 32 people. Laachraoui, already a major suspect on the run after the Paris attacks in November, was named as one of the two bombers who targeted Zaventem airport. The EU Parliament said the cleaning firm had provided proof that the person hired had no criminal record at the time. The BBC's James Reynolds in Brussels says the capital's metro and its airport are gradually reopening. Mr Michel said 30 measures were being put place in Belgium, including a ban on pre-paid mobile phone cards. "Our key message today is we return to normal life in Brussels and in Belgium," the Associated Press quoted him as telling reporters. "When there is an attack like that of course that's a failure and nobody can deny this," Prime Minister Michel said. "[But] I cannot accept the idea that we're a failed state." Belgium has been accused of taking an un-co-ordinated approach to terror threats because it has multiple institutions representing the country's complex linguistic and political makeup. The Brussels region alone has six police zones. According to Belgium's De Tijd newspaper, Mr Michel said it was "short-sighted to say a unified police force could have prevented the attacks". He said there had been some successes like the recent arrest of the surviving suspect of the Paris attacks last November, Salah Abdeslam, adding it had taken 10 years to track down al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden after the 9/11 attacks in the US. The prime minister told our correspondent that giving more capacity to Belgian's security services would be "crucial for the next months to succeed". "This means more equipment but also more capacities for our intelligence services," he said. He added that his country's geographical position meant that Belgium was a particular attraction for potential attackers. "Belgium is a small country in the heart of Europe, it means that it is very easy to go to London, Paris etc," he said. "It is an easy place to organise attacks in other countries of Europe. It means we have to work better with our partners, and we have to upgrade our capacities for security." The search for the 22 March attackers is not yet over as pictures taken at Zaventem airport show three men entering the terminal building with explosives. Laachraoui and Ibrahim el-Bakraoui detonated their bombs and the third is thought to have escaped.
The tides are set to reach their peak between Sunday and Monday evening, with a threat to homes and roads near the Wye estuary in Tintern, Monmouthshire. Natural Resources Wales also warned people living in Crofty, Gower, to install their flood protection gates. There are 10 alerts, with three in south east Wales, four in south west, one in Ceredigion and two in the north. Warnings in south east Wales cover the Wye estuary and also the rivers Severn and Usk, with Tintern, Monmouthshire, highlighted as a potential trouble spot. The road at the village could be closed, while there was a alert about a risk to some properties. A warning was also issued for Crofty in the Gower. Locals there have been told to install their flood protection gates - supplied to keep sea water at bay. NRW's Rick Park said astronomical tides will be "very high" over the coming days. However, he said: "With relatively settled weather the risk of flooding to the majority of Wales is very low."
Revenue for the three months to the end of September was 22.2bn yuan ($3.5bn; Â£2.3bn), up 32% from a year earlier. Revenue from mobile devices grew particularly strongly. The value of transactions conducted through the website totalled 713bn yuan, with the number of active buyers growing to 386 million. "This was a great quarter for Alibaba Group, with strong growth across the board and particular outperformance in mobile," said chief executive Daniel Zhang. "We are winning in mobile and remain focused on our top strategic priorities, including internationalisation, expanding our ecosystem from cities to villages and building a world-class cloud computing business." Alibaba said it had increased the number of villages in China it offers sales and delivery services to by more than 4,000 during the quarter. Growth outside of China has been more muted. "The performance of Alibaba's international division is reasonable but far from spectacular," said Neil Suanders at retail analyst Conlumino. "At retail level, sales were up by a fairly modest 14.8%. In our view, this underlines the fact that, despite its scale and its technical expertise, Alibaba continues to struggle in carving out a niche in crowded and competitive Western markets."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 2.47 points to 17789.67, while the wider S&P 500 index gained 2.37 to 2099.33. The tech-focused Nasdaq edged up 4.2 points to 4952.25. A larger than expected slowdown in car sales however sent shares of US carmakers tumbling. Ford shares lost 2.8% after reporting a 5.9% fall in May sales. Similarly General Motors fell 3.4% after the US carmaker reported sales for May were down 18% compared to the previous year. Data showed global manufacturing slipped for another month, but US investors are waiting for employment data out Friday to get a better sense of whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in June. "There's an abundance of economic data this week that investors are confused on how to digest," said Jonathan Corpina, senior managing partner for Meridian Equity Partners. Ecommerce firm Alibaba tumbled 6.5% after its largest investor announced a plan to sell its shares. Japan's SoftBank said it would sell $7.9bn worth of Alibaba shares to pay off some of its own debt. Sportswear company Under Armour saw its shares fall 4%. The company warned investors on Wednesday that its results would be hurt by the bankruptcy of the sporting goods chain Sports Authority. Shares in Michael Kors rose 6.6% to $44.85 after the handbag and accessories retailer reported a big rise in fourth-quarter revenues. Revenue in the three months to 2 April rose 10.9% to $1.2bn, although this was helped by the opening of 142 new stores over the past year. Same-store sales - seen as a better measure of underlying strength - rose by 0.3%, which Neil Saunders, of retail analysts Conlumino, described as "anaemic".
Henson was part of Wales' 2005 Six Nations Grand Slam team coached by Ruddock, kicking a famous match-winning penalty against England. The back, 35, has returned to Wales for the first time since 2012 to play for the region Ruddock coached in 2003-04. "Hopefully he can play, but also become the leadership figure at the Dragons I am sure he is capable of at this stage of his career," Ruddock said. "He would still be very ambitious and want to prove he can still perform at the very highest level. "I hope Gavin could reflect on his career, on what has worked for him and what hasn't. "Some of those experiences that have been positive for him hopefully he can use those to help shape the way forward in the Dragons." Henson last played in Welsh domestic rugby for Cardiff Blues in 2012, after making his name with Swansea and the Ospreys between 2000 and 2009. In between, Henson - who won 33 caps for Wales and one for the British and Irish Lions - has played club rugby for Saracens, Toulon, London Welsh, Bath and Bristol. Ruddock's one season in charge of the Dragons was their most successful, and he hopes the Welsh Rugby Union's takeover of the region this summer will pay dividends. "It was definitely time for a change and probably long overdue," Ruddock added. "Since my time there the Dragons have huffed and puffed and not lived up to the standards we thought they were capable of. "It sounds like the right things are being done with the [new] pitch coming in already, that sounds like a fantastic move." The Dragons also have a new head coach in former Ireland hooker Bernard Jackman. "Bernard is a good young coach who had cut his teeth in France and in the All-Ireland League where I am currently coaching with Lansdowne," said Ruddock. "He was with Clontarf and did well there. "He's worked under a lot of good coaches during his time and would have had a good understanding of the game." Ruddock's son Rhys captained Ireland on their summer tour against USA and Japan, while his older son Ciaran is captain of All-Ireland side St Mary's College. "That was a big day for him and the family to see Rhys captain Ireland," said Ruddock, whose wife Bernadette is Irish. "Ciaran has just been made captain where he will be playing against my team, so that has become all of a sudden an even tougher job!" After coaching stints in Wales, England and Ireland with international, regional, provincial and age-grade sides, Ruddock is settled in Dublin, guiding Lansdowne in the All-Ireland League and working part-time in private business. "I have learned a lot of lessons along the way, good and bad and am trying to help a lot of youngsters in Lansdowne," said Ruddock. "At 58 next month, I still think I am in my prime! "What I love about the All-Ireland League is that you can go to places like Young Munster in Limerick and Cork Constitution and there is still that Munster v Leinster feel to it. "There is relegation, play-offs, so everything is very competitive. "We have won it a few times and provided some players who have gone onto get a professional contracts."
BBC Radio Norfolk host Nick Conrad made the comment during a phone-in about the future of the former Sheffield United and Norwich City footballer. Rape campaigners have condemned the remarks. Conrad has apologised. A BBC spokesman said some of the 29-year-old presenter's comments were "very ill-judged". During his programme on Monday, Conrad said: "I think women need to be more aware of a man's sexual desire, that when you're in that position that you are about to engage in sexual activity, there's a huge amount of energy in the male body, there's a huge amount of will and intent, and it's very difficult for many men to say no when they are whipped up into a bit of a storm. "It's the old adage about if you yank a dog's tail then don't be surprised when it bites you." He went on to suggest feminists who had "hijacked" or "jumped on" the argument "neglect that very important part of the argument". "In their fury against men and masculinity they actually forget to stop and say if you tease, if you jump into bed naked with a man, if you give him all the signals and then he acts upon them, then you are partially responsible," he said. "If you don't wish to give out the wrong signals it's best probably to keep your knickers on and not get into bed with him." Conrad added he needed to be "careful" about what he said because he did not "want this to be explosive". "The onus has to be on the men.... if a woman says no and they persist then that's absolutely abhorrent," he said. The BBC said Conrad had spoken to the charity End Violence Against Women Coalition during the programme and there had been no formal complaints. "As part of a wide-ranging discussion.... he made it clear that rape is an abhorrent act," a spokesman said. "BBC management has told Nick that some of his comments were very ill-judged and he has apologised for any offence that may have been caused." Katie Russell, from Rape Crisis, said the "ignorant comments" showed there were "still a number of pervasive and harmful myths around sexual violence". "The idea that men's sexual desires render them incapable of taking responsibility for their actions, or of respecting another person's right to choose what happens to their body, is unfounded, outdated and offensive to men," she said. "The idea that women should take responsibility for men's sexuality is equally insulting to both men and women." Jessica Asato, Labour's prospective parliamentary candidate for Norwich North, called for Mr Conrad to apologise on air. Posting on her Twitter account, she called his comments "demeaning and crass towards women". Wales international striker Evans was jailed in April 2012 for raping a 19-year-old woman in a hotel room the previous year and released last month. The question of whether he should be allowed to play professional football again for Sheffield United, his employer at the time he was convicted, or any other club has been hotly debated since his release.
Brown and Barclay have won 107 caps between them but have been omitted from Vern Cotter's 32-man pool. "We seem to be promoting players who've come in from New Zealand at the expense of John Barclay and Kelly Brown. "Your chances of playing for Scotland are greatly heightened by playing for Edinburgh and Glasgow," said Nicol. Edinburgh flanker Hugh Blake has been called into the squad for the first time, in preference to both Brown and Barclay. Blake qualifies to play for the national team through his Scottish grandparents. Brown, 32, led Scotland into last year's Six Nations as captain, only to be dropped from the squad for the home defeat to England then recalled as captain for the loss to France at Murrayfield. He was overlooked for selection for the three Autumn tests against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga. Barclay has excelled in the back-row for Welsh side Scarlets this season and, at 28, is likely to have several seasons left at the top level. Former Bath and Glasgow scrum-half Nicol says favouring players who play their rugby in Scotland isn't necessarily wrong, but that ultimately the decision should come down to ability. "There's not been a stated policy about not picking players playing in Scotland," Nicol continued. "There are a number of players (in the squad) who play outwith Scotland, but I think it's very clear that your chances of playing for Scotland are greatly heightened by playing for Edinburgh and Glasgow. "That might be the right thing to do, don't get me wrong. "I just think that, if you're picking your best players for this Six Nations, and forget the World Cup, because if they're good enough for the Six Nations then you're good enough for the World Cup, you pick your best players and I would've thought Kelly Brown and John Barclay in particular are two that would come in there." Despite reservations about the omission of some experienced players, Nicol is positive about Scotland's chances in the Six Nations. "I'm quite excited about what could happen," he said. "It was a good Autumn series. "A very good performance against Argentina, good again against the best team in the world, New Zealand, and then finished it off well against Tonga. "So there's a lot of confidence in the squad. "Edinburgh have improved markedly since the Autumn tests and that's reflected in more players coming in from Edinburgh. "That's a good sign. These players will be a bit more confident coming into the Six Nations."
Zimbabwe-born Armand, 28, joined the Chiefs from Super Rugby side Stormers in 2013 and has since played 55 Premiership games, scoring six tries, and represented England Saxons. Hill, 22, has made 12 league appearances for the Chiefs since moving from Gloucester in 2015. The pair are among 11 Chiefs players to re-sign beyond this season. In addition, Chiefs have signed Gloucester flanker Matt Kvesic, Bridgend winger Tom O'Flaherty and Rotherham forward Toby Salmon, and others could follow. "We are really pleased," head coach Rob Baxter said. "We are very close to completing the signing of a high-quality player, and we will probably be able to announce that in the next couple of weeks. "We are still actively in the market for potentially one more high-quality player."
Lambert will be the headline act of a lavish New Year's Eve show organised and televised live nationally by state-owned broadcaster MediaCorp. Over the course of the week, thousands of Singaporeans have flocked online to sign two duelling petitions. One, started on Wednesday, calls on MediaCorp and the government to drop Lambert, on account of his support for gay rights and reputation for risque performances, which it called "contrary to mainstream Singaporean values". Comments on the petition called Lambert's performances "disgusting", "disturbing" and "lewd". "Please give more wholesome role models to our youths," said one petitioner Elaine Lui. A counter petition was started on Thursday night and quickly gathered steam, calling on organisers to keep Lambert as a demonstration that Singapore "shuns discrimination and promotes diverse inclusive points of view". "In no way whatsoever does his sexual orientation have any relation to his role as an entertainer and singer. Asking for him to be banned on TV is ludicrous and is akin to asking retailers to stop selling iPhones because [Apple has a] gay CEO," said commenter Ivan Lin. As of Friday evening, both petitions were neck-to-neck with thousands of signatures each, drawing in supporters from Malaysia, Australia, Hong Kong and Japan as well. Lambert previously performed in Singapore in 2013 to few complaints, and concerts by other artists such as Lady Gaga have generated greater controversy. The debate over Lambert this time stems from a cultural divide in Singapore that has widened recently. A modern and open city-state with a thriving gay scene and liberal minority, much of its society also remains deeply conservative. A religious right, supported by some Christians and Muslims, has grown in tandem with a burgeoning gay rights movement. The annual gay rights event Pink Dot, where supporters don pink as a message of inclusion, has sparked a counter campaign called Wear White where conservatives tog themselves in white as a symbol of purity. Both sides have become more vocal in recent years, and though the conflict has not gone beyond heated debate, it has unnerved Singapore officials charged with maintaining the peace on the tiny island. They have tried to strike a balance. A controversial law that bans gay sex - a key flashpoint in the divide - remains on the books, but the government has promised never to enforce it. Authorities have also sought to rein in both camps by curbing their public demonstrations, in some cases refusing permits to both conservative and gay rights groups to hold or expand their public events. As for Lambert, they appear to have come to a compromise. MediaCorp has not dropped him - but has promised that the show will conform to strict broadcast regulations and be made "suitable for family audiences". Meanwhile, Lambert has said in a statement that his performance would "celebrate the entire human family in all its diversity" and that he was "a uniter, not a divider".
Investor sentiment was also up after a positive US jobs report on Friday. Sydney-listed shares in mining giant Fortescue Metals rose by a staggering 23.7%, while BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto were up 5% and 3.5% respectively. By the end of trading, Sydney's benchmark ASX/200 had climbed to 5,142.80 points. In China, Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat at 20,159.72. Hong Kong-listed shares of Chinese telecoms firm ZTE Corporation were halted from trade on Monday morning. On Sunday, Reuters news agency said the US Commerce Department was "set to place export restrictions on [the] Chinese telecoms equipment maker... for alleged violations of US export controls on Iran". The firm did not respond to written requests from the BBC for more information about the possible restrictions. Meanwhile, the mainland Shanghai Composite finished the day 0.8% higher at 2,897.34 points. Over the weekend, China's chief economic planner said the country would "absolutely not experience a hard landing" despite growth forecast cuts. Elsewhere, Japan's Nikkei 225 was bucking the regional trend, closing the day 0.6% down at 16,911.32. In South Korea, the Kospi index finished flat at 1,957.87 points.
The Piece Hall in Halifax opened in 1779 as a trading centre for locally-woven cloth. Calderdale Council leader Tim Swift said the "fascinating finds" hinted at life in the Piece Hall over the past 230 years. It is undergoing a Â£19m refurbishment scheme and is due to re-open in Spring. Three photographs were found behind skirting boards of one of the former shops. One shows a young boy holding what may be a catapult, standing next to a young girl in a hat. Two other Victorian studio portraits are of smartly-dressed gentlemen. Calderdale Council said one was a tintype photograph, widely used in the 1860s and 70s. An un-lidded wooden box was found labelled with Emsley & Collins Ltd, possibly a local company, and a pile of oyster shells was found in the cellar. Mr Swift said: "The fascinating items provide a tantalising view of a forgotten world. It would be great to know the stories behind them but unfortunately we know very little. "The artefacts have little historic value but they provide a hint at what daily life may have been like in the Piece Hall during the past 230 years." In the 1970s, the 18th century hall became a tourist attraction with an art galley, museum and shops. It closed in January 2014 for a two-year renovation and to add an extension and new visitors centre. The Â£19m project is funded by Calderdale Council, the Heritage Lottery Fund, Garfield Weston Foundation and the Wolfson Foundation.
Officers say the 18-year-old suffered an adverse reaction and later died, after taking MDMA at The Warehouse in Byker, early on Sunday. A 19-year-old man was arrested shortly afterwards and another two men aged 19 and 21 were arrested on Monday. Both 19-year-olds have been released on bail, while the 21-year-old remains in custody. All three were arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug. Police have urged anyone who was at the venue on Saturday night and took drugs to see a doctor. MDMA forms the active ingredient in ecstasy pills.
Rebecca Coriam, 24, from Chester, fell overboard from the Disney Wonder near Mexico. Her body has not been found. Bahamas police investigated because the ship is registered in the island state, leaving it outside UK jurisdiction. There are calls for all suspected crimes at sea involving UK citizens to be investigated by the UK authorities. Former Deputy Prime Minister Lord Prescott said that should be the case whatever the ship's "flag of convenience" - where it is registered. Ms Coriam's MP Chris Matheson said he feared she was murdered and has called for a UK inquiry. The Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA) said disappearances overboard were "incredibly rare". Ms Coriam was last seen alive on 21 March 2011 on board the ship where she worked as a child minder. Her credit card, which was not found among her personal effects, was used after she vanished. Mr Matheson said: "I believe there's sufficient evidence to indicate a crime may well have taken place. "Whatever the circumstance, there's an obligation to investigate. My worst fear is Rebecca Coriam was murdered." He said it was a "real possibility" she had been killed and the case had not been properly investigated. "Now is the time for that investigation to take place," he said. Information collated in the police report from the Bahamas has been shared with the UK authorities, but not with Ms Coriam's family. Her father Mike said he was "totally baffled and it's upsetting as well" that the authorities in the UK can have a file with instructions not to disclose to the family. "We're the victims here as well," he said. Cheshire Police insist the report is not its property to share. But Mr Coriam said: "It's our daughter. There's been an investigation. Why hold it from us? " In addition to the frustration over the report, the family has been unable to hold an inquest or a funeral as Ms Coriam's remains have not been recovered. Under the Flags of Convenience system, ships are registered in offshore nations, often for tax purposes, and if crimes are committed on board it is up to the flag nation to investigate. National jurisdiction only extends up to 24 miles beyond a coastline - beyond that, the law of the country whose flag the ship flies applies. The Bahamas sent over police Supt Paul Rolle to investigate Rebecca's case. Lord Prescott called for an end to the flags arrangement and for a US-style system in which the FBI investigates maritime crimes involving US citizens, no matter where a ship is registered. Lord Prescott, a former ship steward, echoed calls for an inquiry, saying: "People don't know whether she died or she was thrown over the side. "What is so alarming is many people are going missing and nothing is being done about it, except for America." He said there was "almost like a conspiracy of silence" surrounding the case, adding there should be a change in the law as we "should be looking after our citizens". Bill Anderson, a maritime investigator, said Supt Rolle "only interviewed six people out of just over 2,000-odd people and closed the investigation". Mr Anderson is "fully convinced" something criminal happened to Rebecca. The CLIA, the trade body for the cruise industry, said it was the "safest mode of transport". Disney declined to comment on the case. You can see more about this story on Inside Out North West on BBC One on Monday 2 November at 19:30 and later on iPlayer.
It is thought to be the first such case since the plane went missing between Kuala Lumpur and Beijing in March 2014. The children's mother said she had accepted compensation from Malaysia Airlines and the government so the boys could move on with their lives. The amount has not been disclosed. The search for the plane, which was carrying 239 people, continues. The family of Jee Jing Hang, who was on the plane, brought a lawsuit against Malaysia Airlines on behalf of his two young sons last October for breach of contract, as it had failed to deliver passengers to Beijing. The family also brought claims against the Malaysian government, the Department of Civil Aviation, the immigration department and the air force for negligence. "The court was informed that all the parties in the suit had come to an amicable settlement," Gary Edward Chong, a lawyer for the family, told the AFP news agency on Tuesday. The families of other victims have been following the case closely and experts believe this settlement will trigger other similar legal actions. No wreckage from the flight has ever been found and an Australian-led team is still scouring the southern Indian Ocean seabed in hope of finding the aircraft. Four months after MH370 vanished, another Malaysia Airlines plane - flight MH17 - was shot down by a suspected ground-to-air missile while in Ukrainian airspace, with the loss of 298 passengers and crew. The airline was declared "technically bankrupt" by its chief executive on Monday as he announced plans to cut about 6,000 jobs.
Rail electrification is already going ahead in south Wales but no decision has yet been made on the north. The Wales Office and Welsh government are working with businesses to make the case for the investment needed for the project to get the go-ahead. But Mr Osborne said a decision would be affected by the HS2 project and a rail hub possibly being created in Crewe. Electrification means faster and more reliable services which help businesses and their workers who commute. Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb also said electrification could be a game-changer and could happen in the longer-term. Speaking on a visit to Denbighshire, Mr Osborne said: "Lets make the decision first on HS2 because that new rail hub at Crewe will be crucial for north Wales and it's crucial for the investments we're making in the north Wales economy."
Diver Daley, 18, who won a bronze medal and swimmer Meilutyte, 15, who won a gold for Lithuania, were among a number of local athletes taking part. Both are pupils at Plymouth College, where the parade departed from before heading to the city's Guildhall. Crowds six deep greeted them, waving flags as the Olympians appeared. Daley said: "It's been crazy. The amount of people along the streets is amazing. "A massive thank you from all of us for showing your support." He also thanked Plymouth College. "They have been incredible adapting the timetable so we can train at the same time. "It's a lot of thanks to Plymouth College that I got to the Olympics. "It's been pretty crazy since the Games, but it's getting back to normal now with school and training and my two annoying brothers." Lithuanian swimmer Meilutyte said: "I have been here for almost two and a half years and it's been incredible. "Plymouth is almost like my second home and I'm really proud to be here." By Chris EllisBBC News Online, South West Thousands of people lined the streets of Plymouth to congratulate the city's Olympians and Paralympians. For most of the journey from Plymouth College to the Guildhall there was a stream of people, many with union flags and banners saying 'Well Done Tom' and 'I Love You Tom'. Drivers of buses and cars honked their horns and one woman in a parked car was leaning out of the sunroof and honking the horn with her foot. As we approached Royal Parade hundreds of people were lining the streets and the noise was deafening. Gallery: Olympics 2012 homecoming Other Olympic athletes taking part included divers Tonia Couch and Sarah Barrow, swimmers Antony James, Jamila Lunkuse and Jade Howard, and fencer Corinna Lawrence. Barrow tweeted: "How incredible was the Plymouth welcome home parade! Thank you to everyone who came :)" Couch said: "The parade makes you feel really special, especially in your home city." Wheelchair basketball player Judith Hamer and Paralympic table tennis player David Wetherill, from Torpoint in Cornwall, joined them. Wetherill said: "I'm not used to this much attention. This was so much better than London." Daley's diving coach Andy Banks and Meilutyte's swimming coach Jon Rudd also took part in the parade. London 2012 Games Makers from Plymouth, the volunteers who helped at Olympic venues, joined the parade in their uniforms and walked behind the bus as it travelled down Royal Parade. Stella Goodman, who was watching the parade with three generations of her family, said: "We are proud, proud to be Plymothians and see them today." Deputy council leader Peter Smith said: "It's fantastic that so many of the city's sportsmen and women were selected to take part in the Games and that two of them have won medals. "They are a true inspiration - not just to youngsters here in Plymouth but all over the country - some of whom will one day follow in their footsteps."
The 36-year-old winger announced last month that he would be retiring at the end of the season. Third on Scotland's all-time list with 105 caps, Lamont has made 111 Warriors appearances over two stints, scoring 31 tries. "It would be great to see Sean run in one or two more tries before he finally hangs up his boots," said Townsend. "Sean has shown a real consistency and resilience to get over a couple of major injuries and to continue to play at a really high level. "He'll be one of a very small number of players to have played in every position in the back five. Obviously he played most of his rugby on the wing, but he also performed very well at inside centre when I was an assistant coach with the national team back in 2011. "It was really good to see Sean score that try against Connacht a few weeks ago [in Glasgow's 35-24 win]. You could tell from the players' reaction how much Sean means to them and our supporters loved it. "It was the bonus-point try and a really good finish." With Glasgow 11 points off fourth place with just three games remaining, hopes of reaching the play-offs were virtually extinguished by last weekend's 10-7 loss away to Munster. Lamont, who returned to Glasgow in 2012, has also featured for Rotherham, Northampton Saints and Scarlets over a 17-year period. He made his Scotland debut in 2004 and scored 70 points for his country. "I took a real interest in Sean's game when he was playing at Northampton and started to become a regular in the Scotland team," explained Townsend on the Warriors' website. "Probably as a supporter seeing Sean score two tries against France [in 2006] was a real breakthrough moment, it was a brilliant win for Scotland that day and Sean - with his gloves and blonde hair - was a key part in the victory."
Canon Bill Brassell from Gloucester served in the Royal Navy in the 1940s, and battled storms, bombers and U-boats to ferry war supplies to Russia. He has been awarded the Arctic Star medal for the maritime missions, which Winston Churchill said were the most dangerous of the war. "I'm very, very grateful to receive this," he told the BBC. "It's only 70 years I suppose, and at last it's happened. Not just because it's a nice thing for me, but because of all those who served with me and they paid the supreme sacrifice. "Of all the bits that one served during the war, this was the effort that was made by so many. "I take it [medal] very much in memory of all those who didn't come back, all my shipmates, and that's something that I will very much treasure". The medal presentation took place at the headquarters of Gloucester-based A Company 6 Rifles. In 2005, an Arctic badge was awarded to the veterans of the convoys but they felt that it did not go far enough. They lobbied the government for a specific medal to recognise the service of those involved in the mission. The Arctic Star medal was created this year. "This is a medal that we've introduced to honour those people who served on the Arctic convoys in World War II," said Conservative MP Mark Francois, the minister of state for defence personnel, welfare and veterans. "I'm privileged to present this to Canon Brassell." The Arctic convoys brought crucial supplies and weapons to Russia, to help fight off Hitler's armies. The icy voyages claimed over 3,000 lives and Winston Churchill described them as the worst journey in the world. The supply ships were under constant threat of attack by German U-boats and aircraft and also had to negotiate severe cold, storms, and ice floes. The voyages began in 1941 and by May 1945, the Arctic route had claimed 104 merchant ships and 16 military vessels.
Angelika and Marcin Klis had not been seen since the explosion at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday night. The couple's daughter Alex Klis, 20, a student at York College, had posted an appeal on Facebook for information about their whereabouts. The Polish foreign ministry confirmed two Polish nationals had been killed. It is understood Mr Marcin, 42, worked at York Cars Taxi Service, a cab company in York. Mr Marcin and his wife, aged 39, had taken a picture of themselves together in Manchester shortly before going to the concert to collect their daughters. This was shared on social media by their daughter on Tuesday. She wrote: "Anyone who is in any safe place or hospital in Manchester, if anyone comes across my parents please please let me know as they've been missing ever since the attack, this is a picture taken tonight so this is exactly what they were wearing." In a statement, the Polish foreign ministry said: "We share the pain of the family and the loved ones of the victims and express our most sincere condolences. "Consuls have offered assistance to the family of the victims." The Polish Foreign Minister, Witold Waszczykowski, told a radio station: "The parents came after the concert to collect their daughters and unfortunately we have information that they are dead. The children are safe." Dr Alison Birkinshaw, principal at York College, described the deaths as "devastating news for Alex and her family, the whole college and the wider community". She said: "We are in touch with Alex and will do whatever we can to support her and her family." A JustGiving page has been set up to raise money for Ms Klis and her sister Patrycia and has so far raised more than Â£4,000.
Home Secretary Theresa May said Mr Bristow would lead an agency of "powerful operational crime fighters". The NCA becomes fully operational in 2013 when it takes over from the Serious Organised Crime Agency. Its expanded role will include powers to order police forces to run operations into drugs and trafficking. As well as replacing the Serious Organised Crime Agency (Soca), the new agency will take in the work of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre (Ceop), and also house the national cyber crime unit. It will also cover border policing and economic crime. "For too long we have lacked a strong, collaborative national response in the fight for criminal justice. The NCA will make the UK a more hostile environment for serious and organised crime and strengthen our border," Mrs May said. She said Mr Bristow would play "a vital role" in developing the agency. Details of an extensive policing shake-up, which included the creation of the National Crime Agency, were unveiled last year by Mrs May in a Home Office consultation paper - Policing in the 21st Century. She described it as the "most radical reform of policing for 50 years". Mr Bristow said he would work with the government and other crime agencies "to ensure that the NCA delivers the maximum protection possible for communities within the resources it has available". "In partnership with other law enforcement agencies, we will ensure that criminals are identified, pursued and brought to justice, their groups dismantled and their activities disrupted. We will do even more to strip away their illegally obtained assets," he said. Association of Chief Police Officers president Sir Hugh Orde said Mr Bristow had been chosen from "a very strong field of police leaders" to lead the NCA. "A better co-ordinated response between the international reach and capability of this new agency and the 'eyes and ears' of local neighbourhood policing teams can help keep our streets and communities safer," Sir Hugh said. Mr Bristow was appointed chief constable of Warwickshire Police in 2006 and chairs the G8 Law Enforcement Group. He has been the Association of Chief Police Officers' head of crime and worked in the West Midlands Police and as director of the National Criminal Intelligence Service.
The pontiff has supported the Buenos Aires-based team since he was a boy. A delegation travelled from the Argentine capital to the Vatican with the trophy. San Lorenzo recently won the Copa - South American club football's most prestigious competition - for the first time in the club's 106-year history. Earlier in the week, Pope Francis said: "I am very happy about it, but, no, it is not a miracle. "For me, San Lorenzo was the team all my family supported. My father played in the basketball team and when we were kids, we sometimes went to the stadium with mum," he added. San Lorenzo beat Paraguay's Nacional 1-0 on 13 August to secure a 2-1 aggregate victory.
On the second anniversary of Stephen's death, the charity has also outlined how the cash has aided cancer services for young people. Stephen died on 14 May 2014, after contracting bowel cancer. The 19-year-old, of Burntwood, Staffordshire, became well known after posting a picture online of his "final thumbs up" from a hospital bed. He had pledged to raise £1m himself for the charity and hit the target three weeks before his death. The trust said £2.7m had been spent refurbishing cancer units at hospitals across the country, with four more - in Cambridge, Hull, Newcastle and the Wirral - now to benefit. A total of £1.6m has been used to train specialist nurses, as well as fund the charity's International Conference and Adolescent and Young Adult Global Cancer Congress in December. Stephen's legacy is also helping fund JTV Cancer Support, a project helping young sufferers express their feelings and record their personal journeys. Around £500,000 has been spent on education and awareness programmes, and £200,000 on conference weekends for youngsters called Find Your Sense of Tumour. Stephen's mother Jane has now been made an official ambassador for the trust. "Not a day goes by when I don't miss my brave and brilliant son. But when I think about everything he achieved and how much he's helping other young people, it makes me feel so proud," she said. "With his voice in my ear, I've run a marathon, jumped out of a plane and in a few months, I'll be climbing Mount Kilimanjaro. "I'm honoured to call myself an ambassador for Teenage Cancer Trust, and feel privileged to be able to continue to spread Stephen's unique message of positivity." Kate Collins, director of fundraising and marketing at the charity, said: "Stephen was the most incredible young man and has helped us take huge steps forward for young people with cancer."
A member of the public found the two bodies as the tide receded at about 20:00 BST on Wednesday, the RNLI said. A search is under way for a third person missing at the East Sussex beach. Lifeboats and a helicopter are combing the water off the coast. Seven other people have died around the British coastline since Friday. Richard Tollett, lifeboat operations manager at Rye Harbour, told the Press Association the RNLI received a request to launch at around 20:30. He said: "As the tide has receded it has left a couple more bodies on the beach in the sand. "A member of the public found them and that person reported another one in the water so we have got two lifeboats and a helicopter searching the area trying to find the other one." The first alert came just after 14:10 when coastguard helicopters, a lifeboat, rescue teams and an air ambulance were sent to the scene after reports three men were in need of urgent medical assistance. The beach was cleared and the public were asked to stay away while the emergency services dealt with the incident. Suggestions that their deaths may be linked to jellyfish have been ruled out. Sussex Police stated there was nothing to suggest the men were migrants. Ch Supt Di Roskilly said: "This has been an incredibly tragic situation. At this stage we are doing all we can to establish who the men are and to identify next of kin." Eyewitness Natalja Taylor, 30, said she saw three people being pulled out of the water, apparently by "regular people, not emergency personnel". "There were so many people there. They were still on the beach when we left," she said. She said police drove on to the beach with a loudspeaker telling people not to go into the water until further notice, and also taped off "a huge chunk of the beach so no-one could get near it". She said: "It's pretty scary. I'm not sure how it happened. We decided not to go into the sea after seeing warning signs about some kind of fish. "It wasn't particularly windy down there, it was just a hot, sunny beach day." Charlotte Frederick, from London, who saw the rescue operation take place, said: "One was taken away on a rescue truck and the other two were left behind." She said she realised later that the other two men had also died. "We saw them take up a blanket and then after that we saw them taken in a body bag. It was really distressing," she said. The incident happened on the hottest day of the year when the beach was packed with people. Ch Supt Roskilly said: "This has been an incredibly tragic situation and very traumatic for those who were there on the beach at the time." Last month, 19-year-old Brazilian Gustavo Silva Da Cruz died after getting into difficulty while swimming in the sea there. He was one of three men who got into trouble in the water. Camber Sands is a popular destination for beach-goers and Rother District Council provides beach patrols there throughout the summer. A council spokesman said: "While it's very upsetting to see two similar, tragic incidents this summer, over the years these kind of incidents are extremely rare and on a fine day around 25,000 people use the beach safely." He said the beach patrols were able to advise people of potential dangers, reunite lost children with their families and deal with incidents on the beach. "Although it's too early to draw any conclusions from this latest incident, in recent years we have seen a change in the make-up of visitors to Camber, including more people from outside the area who are not familiar with the sea and the dangers it can pose," he said. He said incidents had included visitors entering the sea even though they could not swim, and in some cases going into the water fully clothed.
The Swede, 35, joined Jose Mourinho's side last summer on a one-year deal and has scored 20 goals this season. Mourinho said on Friday he believed the club's top scorer would still be at Old Trafford in 2017-18. When asked about his future, Ibrahimovic said: "We'll wait and see." Ibrahimovic's goals have helped Manchester United into the EFL Cup final - where they will face Southampton - as well as the fifth round of the FA Cup. The Red Devils are also in the Europa League knockout stage. Manchester United won the Community Shield in August and Ibrahimovic is confident of adding at least one more trophy to the collection. "We have one and we can get our second one," he added. "We are still in the Europa League and FA Cup, so if we don't become champions in the Premier League at least we can try and win two or three trophies."
Media playback is not supported on this device Jake Jervis hit the post in the second half, after Graham Carey and Paul-Arnold Garita had both gone close. Liverpool went through with a rare goal from Lucas Leiva, ending an FA Cup run which has been worth £1m to Argyle. "We were really unfortunate to go out of the cup because we had the opportunities to score," Adams said. "We had to twist, we had to push forward and the players did that really well," added Adams, whose side had held Liverpool to a 0-0 draw with a very defensive display at Anfield 10 days earlier. "We've got a lot of creative players in our team and at times we were in and around the penalty area. Could we have scored and seen the pressure that would have put on Liverpool?" More than 17,000 people watched the game at Home Park, making it Argyle's biggest attendance for nine years. "It was a fantastic atmosphere, it started really early and just got better as the evening went on," said Adams. "The supporters sang their hearts out and the players responded to that."
A total of 28% had not talked about the symptoms, the University of Aberdeen paper revealed. Lead author Dr Peter Murchie said it highlighted the complications surrounding emergency cancer diagnosis. Cancer Research UK said it was a complex area. The study - published in the British Journal of Cancer - said that, of those who had previously flagged symptoms to their doctor, 81% had been appropriately referred on by their GP for further treatment or investigation of their symptoms. However it said 19% could be viewed as missed opportunities for earlier diagnosis. The study, funded by the Scottish Chief Scientist's Office, involved a review of the case notes from 1,800 patients diagnosed with cancer in northern Scotland and registered at GP surgeries across NHS Grampian, Orkney and Shetland. Dr Murchie, a GP and researcher at the University of Aberdeen, said: "This study sheds light on the complications surrounding emergency cancer diagnosis and how quickly circumstances can change for the patient. "It's vital we do more to ensure people with persistent or unusual symptoms feel confident about getting them checked out by a doctor without delay. "And it's equally important to give GPs better access to the tests and specialist advice they need to help them spot potential cancer symptoms at the earliest stage." Jodie Moffat, Cancer Research UK's head of early diagnosis, said: "For some patients, emergency presentation may be difficult to avoid, but for others there are often things that could have been done differently. "Studies like this help us to understand this complex picture and identify what needs to change. "Cancer patients diagnosed as an emergency are more likely to have late stage disease and poorer survival. So it's vital we do all we can to break down barriers to people visiting their doctor with symptoms that could be cancer. "Cancer Research UK is also working with GPs in Scotland to help improve early cancer diagnosis and ensure they have the freedom to refer patients for further tests and access specialist advice if cancer is suspected."
Speaking in South Carolina, Mr Huntsman endorsed the candidacy of former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney. Mr Huntsman received just 17% of the vote in the New Hampshire primary despite campaigning extensively there. He has struggled to build momentum in South Carolina, where the conservative vote is traditionally strong. The Palmetto State goes to the polls on Saturday to pick a candidate for the Republican nomination. The Huntsman campaign had difficulty gaining traction nationally, attracting about 1% to 2% in most opinion polls. As he announced his withdrawal from the race, Mr Huntsman, who pitched himself at his campaign launch as a "civil" candidate who would not play dirty, bemoaned the state of the Republican contest. By Mark MardellBBC North America editor Read Mark's thoughts in full Profile: Jon Huntsman "This race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks," he said, calling on the Republican party to unite behind a single candidate. "Divisiveness is corrosive," he added, saying that the "the current toxic form of our political discourse does not help our cause". Mr Huntsman, 51, is a fluent Mandarin speaker and served as US President Barack Obama's first ambassador to China. In the early 1990s he became the youngest head of a US diplomatic mission for a century when he was appointed ambassador in Singapore. Mr Huntsman's withdrawal from the race came the morning after he received an endorsement from The State, the largest newspaper in South Carolina. They called Mr Huntsman and Mr Romney the "two sensible, experienced grown-ups in the race'', but said the former ambassador was "more principled" and offered "a significantly more important message''. Mr Huntsman threw his support behind Mr Romney, calling him the candidate most likely to defeat President Obama in November's presidential elections. Acknowledging differences between him and Mr Romney - whom Mr Huntsman sharply criticised in recent weeks - he said he would nevertheless support the former Massachusetts governor. Grover Norquist, a prominent advocate for tax reform, writes in Politico's The Arena that "there was a possible Huntsman strategy. He just needed to get started earlier... He could have been Wisconsin's Scott Walker before Walker. He could have been Chris Christie." But The Washington Post's The Fix wonders whether there was ever a way for the Huntsman campaign to have influenced the race: "He needed a vulnerable Romney. And Iowa was the entire field's best chance to show that Romney's front-runner status was shaky at best. Huntsman couldn't have beaten Romney in Iowa, but he could have kept the former Massachusetts governor from winning." Meanwhile, The Caucus blog at the New York Times questions how much of an impact Huntsman's backing will make to the Romney campaign: "The endorsement may not significantly change the shape of the race, but it could inject a new dynamic into a debate Monday night on the Fox News Channel." Paul West writes in the LA Times that the Huntsman campaign probably failed to meet its own targets: "It's unlikely that Huntsman met his own goals as a presidential candidate, and an argument can be made that he did virtually nothing to advance his future prospects. That would be particularly true if Romney is elected and declines to offer him a decent job." Differences within the Republican party were less important, Mr Huntsman said, than what he termed a grave crisis facing the US. In the wake of Mr Huntsman's endorsement, Mr Romney said: "I salute Jon Huntsman and his wife Mary Kaye. Jon ran a spirited campaign based on unity not division, and love of country. I appreciate his friendship and support." But Mr Santorum dismissed the endorsement, saying it came as no surprise. "Moderates are backing moderates," he said. "I anticipated that actually sooner than today." Mr Romney won nearly 40% of the vote in the New Hampshire primary and won the Iowa caucuses with a narrow lead of eight votes. Mr Huntsman's exit from the race leaves five candidates remaining: Rick Santorum, Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich as the three main candidates chasing Mr Romney's lead, and Rick Perry trailing in the polls. The candidates were meeting voters in South Carolina's Myrtle Beach, with Mr Paul returning to the campaign trail after a four-day break, ahead of a national debate to be hosted by Fox News. Polls show that South Carolina's conservative vote has not yet settled on one particular candidate. "I think the only way that a Massachusetts moderate can get through South Carolina is if the vote is split," Mr Gingrich said on Sunday. A group of five faith leaders endorsed Mr Gingrich while emphasising that support was still split across the influential voting bloc. Mr Santorum also worked through the weekend to encourage evangelical Christian voters to choose his candidacy, telling reporters on Monday: "I think it's important that we eventually consolidate this race." However, correspondents say momentum in the Romney campaign is building and an Insider Advantage opinion poll released on Monday shows the former businessman maintaining a significant lead over the rest of the field. Mr Gingrich, Mr Santorum and Mr Perry have all suggested that Mr Romney's campaign is benefiting from the fractured social conservative support base.
The jury in Father Benedict Seed's trial found five other charges not proven by a majority. The 83-year-old, who appeared at Inverness Sheriff Court under the name Thomas Michael Seed, belted Paul Curran on the wrists until he bled. Seed, of Brora, denied all the charges against him. He has been fined Â£1,000. Mr Curran, now a 50-year-old businessman living in Hong Kong, told the jury at Inverness Sheriff Court that he had dreams of being "hunted" by Seed for the five years he attended the now closed Fort Augustus Abbey school in the Highlands. He said he was belted with a leather tawse which left his hands and wrists bleeding, swollen and bruised after being caught swearing. Seed, was a housemaster before being promoted to headmaster at the school, told the court that "housemasters gave corporal punishment". But he said caning was "very rare" and belting "pretty rare".
Ferrari's Vettel, 29, swore at Whiting over his team radio while duelling with Max Verstappen on the track. The German, who won four world titles at Red Bull, later apologised. But Horner said: "In any sport, you can't give abuse to the referee." He suggested the sport's governing body the FIA would look at the incident, and added: "I would be surprised if that went unreprimanded." Vettel was stripped of his podium finish in Mexico after he was ruled to have raced in a dangerous manner. After switching to Ferrari from Red Bull in 2015, Vettel won three races and came third overall behind Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg. This year he is yet to win a race and lies fourth in the overall standings. Both Horner and former Red Bull team-mate Daniel Ricciardo suggested Vettel's lack of success at Ferrari could have played a part in his outburst. "It is not an attribute he had when he drove for us. Obviously his frustration he is vocalising, and everybody can hear that," Horner said. "I definitely sense he has been a bit more frustrated this year," Ricciardo added. Available FIA sanctions include a fine, or even suspending Vettel from the next race in Brazil. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Spain had 72.4% of possession in the first half but failed to score. They finally took the lead after 55 minutes when keeper Gianluigi Buffon missed an attempted clearance to leave Vitolo to sidefoot in. Italy rarely threatened but, after Sergio Ramos tripped Eder, De Rossi equalised to extend his country's unbeaten run in qualifiers to 52 games. The last time the Azzurri lost a World Cup or European qualifier was in September 2006 when they were beaten 3-1 by France on their way to reaching Euro 2008. Italy and Spain now have four points from two games, with Albania, who beat Liechtenstein 2-0, top of Group G on six points. Israel won 2-1 in Macedonia in the other game in the group. Spain were out to avenge their defeat by the Azzurri in the last 16 of Euro 2016 and quickly took control of the match. They went close when Andres Iniesta played a one-two with David Silva only to see a weakly struck left-footed shot saved before Gerard Pique sent a close-range header straight at Buffon. Spain looked set for victory after 38-year-old Buffon's error as he completely missed the ball when trying to clear a through ball to Vitolo. However, substitute Ciro Immobile brought some much-needed energy and threat to the home attack and a rash Ramos challenge allowed De Rossi to score. Iceland shocked England when they knocked them out of Euro 2016 and seemed to be on course for a reality check when trailing Finland 2-1 in their first home 2018 World Cup qualifier since then. But Alfred Finnbogason equalised in the 90th minute before Fulham's Ragnar Sigurdsson, who scored in the 2-1 win over England, got a winner in the fifth minute of added time. Finland had opened the scoring through Teemu Pukki and, even though Kari Arnason equalised, Robin Lod quickly restored the visiting side's lead. Gylfi Sigurdsson missed a penalty to compound Iceland's misery before the late drama. Iceland are now second in Group I, level on four points with leaders Croatia, who beat Kosovo 6-0 in Albania. Ukraine drew 2-2 in Turkey and they are third and fourth respectively in the same group. Match ends, Italy 1, Spain 1. Second Half ends, Italy 1, Spain 1. Nacho (Spain) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Alessandro Florenzi (Italy). Nacho (Spain) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Andrea Belotti (Italy). Foul by Álvaro Morata (Spain). Daniele De Rossi (Italy) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt blocked. Andrés Iniesta (Spain) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Leonardo Bonucci (Italy) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Álvaro Morata (Spain) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Leonardo Bonucci (Italy). Offside, Italy. Alessandro Florenzi tries a through ball, but Ciro Immobile is caught offside. Attempt missed. Ciro Immobile (Italy) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left misses to the right. Assisted by Daniele De Rossi following a set piece situation. Gerard Piqué (Spain) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Gerard Piqué (Spain). Ciro Immobile (Italy) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Spain. Thiago Alcántara replaces Vitolo. Foul by Nacho (Spain). Leonardo Bonucci (Italy) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Goal!  Italy 1, Spain 1. Daniele De Rossi (Italy) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Penalty conceded by Sergio Ramos (Spain) after a foul in the penalty area. Penalty Italy. Éder draws a foul in the penalty area. Hand ball by Sergio Busquets (Spain). Corner,  Italy. Conceded by Gerard Piqué. Substitution, Italy. Andrea Belotti replaces Marco Parolo. Sergio Ramos (Spain) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Sergio Ramos (Spain). Alessandro Florenzi (Italy) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Spain. Conceded by Mattia De Sciglio. Offside, Italy. Leonardo Bonucci tries a through ball, but Ciro Immobile is caught offside. Attempt blocked. Ciro Immobile (Italy) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Mattia De Sciglio. Vitolo (Spain) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Alessio Romagnoli (Italy). Koke (Spain) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Giacomo Bonaventura (Italy). Attempt missed. Alessio Romagnoli (Italy) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Alessandro Florenzi with a cross following a set piece situation. Foul by Sergio Ramos (Spain). Andrea Barzagli (Italy) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt missed. Vitolo (Spain) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Koke.
The money was raised in a funding round led by the Royal Mail Group and backed by investors, including the Scottish Investment Bank, Par Equity and technology entrepreneurs. Mallzee said the cash would allow it to "scale its global offering". The company was founded in 2013 by 27-year-old Edinburgh-based entrepreneur Cally Russell. Mr Russell pressed ahead with developing the app after turning down an offer of investment on the BBC's Dragons' Den programme. Mallzee is a personalised shopping app, which allows users access to more than 100 fashion stores at one go. It also lets shoppers build their own "style feeds". Mr Russell said: "This round of investment is going to allow us to become the leading fashion shopping app in the world and the mix of investors is going to be vital to allowing us to achieve this. "With Royal Mail Group we have a partner that plays a vital part in the online shopping environment and one which is well positioned to enable us to access new retailers." Earlier this year, Mallzee secured an exclusive promotional link-up with tech giant Samsung. In a separate development, daily fantasy sports operator FanDuel announced it had acquired Edinburgh-based mobile app developer Kotikan. FanDuel said the firm had designed and developed its mobile offering and it was "logical" to bring the Kotikan team in-house to further innovate and develop FanDuel's mobile products. FanDuel reported last week it was set for major expansion after raising $275m (£176m) in a funding round, It was founded in Edinburgh in 2009 and only operates in North America. The business focuses on US sports such as basketball, baseball and American football.
The two-time Olympian, 38, told BBC Sport the country must be punished over its ongoing doping crisis. "The scale, co-ordination and leadership of a doping system like this is arguably the most heinous crime possible against the Olympic movement," said the former skeleton racer. "So, somewhat reluctantly, I am led to one conclusion: exclusion from Rio." Many Great Britain Olympic and Paralympic stars have endorsed a letter sent by The Times to the IOC urging the organisation to ban Russia from Rio. The signatories include swimmer Rebecca Adlington, 400m hurdler Sally Gunnell, long jumper Lynn Davies and 11-time Paralympic gold medallist Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson. The letter, which was organised by the newspaper, has been sent to the IOC's executive board, which will make the decision on whether to have a blanket ban on Russia's participation. The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has already excluded Russia's track and field team from the Games. Pengilly, a member of the IOC's Athletes' Commission and one of four British IOC members, conceded: "I say reluctantly [that Russia should be banned] because there are very probably clean Russian athletes, and they will suffer, and this is nothing short of terrible. "It's an incredibly tough decision. There's no fair outcome for everyone." But he insisted: "The Russian flag should not be flown at the Rio Olympic Games." In 2013 Pengilly received praise for raising the issue of doping before the vote to decide a host of the 2020 Games, questioning both Spain and Turkey during their bid presentations in Buenos Aires. Russia could face a blanket ban after a damning report compiled by Canadian law professor Richard McLaren claimed it operated a state-sponsored doping programme from 2011 to 2015. The IOC is exploring "legal options" before deciding whether to implement "a collective ban" on all Russian competitors for the global showpiece, which starts on 5 August. A decision by its executive board could come on Sunday. "Clean athletes, the Olympic Games and the wider Olympic movement have been mocked," Pengilly said. "However, Russia is an important sporting nation - we want and need them fully involved in the future, but only when they can do it cleanly. "Therefore, I firmly believe that we should offer support and assistance to the Russian Federation so they can escape from this ugly culture and cycle." Russia will find out in August if it is to be banned from the 2016 Paralympics in Rio. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) has "opened suspension proceedings" following the publication of the McLaren report earlier this week. Paralympian David Weir has accused the IPC of being "naive" in their handling of doping allegations. The wheelchair athlete, who won four golds at London 2012, told BBC Sport: "It looks like they are being naive and maybe thought that Paralympians don't cheat, but they are all public funded and there are sponsors so if you want that margin gain maybe you will cheat. "The IPC should have put their foot down straight away." Former Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev said he was "saddened" by the "unacceptable" prospect of a total ban on Russian competitors. Gorbachev, the last General Secretary of the Soviet Union before its dissolution in 1991, has written an open letter to the IOC. In it, he said: "I support the fight against prohibited substances in sport. It is evil that must be eradicated. Those athletes who are proven to have doped should be banned from competitions. "At the same time, I am concerned and deeply saddened by the possibility that in case all Russian athletes are banned from competing in the Olympic Games, the innocent will be punished together with the guilty."
A statement said "several main locations of the wreckage" had been identified. A deep sea search vessel had also sent back the first images of the wreckage, the statement added. There were 66 people on board flight MS804 when it crashed on 19 May while flying from Paris to Cairo. The Airbus A320 plane vanished from Greek and Egyptian radar screens, apparently without having sent a distress call. The Egyptian investigation committee said that investigators on board the John Lethbridge search vessel, which has been contracted by the Egyptian government, would now draw up a map of the wreckage distribution. What do we know so far? Who were the victims? Earlier this month, search teams said signals from one of the "black box" flight recorders had been detected. Signals emitted by the recorders are expected to expire by 24 June, experts have warned. The cause of the crash remains a mystery. A terror attack has not been ruled out but no extremist group has claimed the downing of the plane. Analysts say human or technical error is also a possibility. Flight data revealed that smoke detectors went off in the toilet and the aircraft's electrics, minutes before the plane's signal was lost. According to Greek investigators, the plane turned 90 degrees left and then 360 degrees to the right, dropping from 11,300m (37,000ft) to 4,600m (15,000ft) and then 3,000m (10,000ft) before it was lost from radar.
She told her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party in Berlin she expected her toughest campaign yet and would "fight for our values and our way of life". An election is due to be held next year after four years of coalition with the Social Democrats (SPD). Mrs Merkel's poll ratings have slipped since the height of her popularity but she retains wide support. The chancellor, who has been in office since 2005, is also being challenged by the populist right-wing AfD party. She announced she would stand again after meeting party leaders at CDU headquarters. She told reporters that the decision to run for a fourth term had been "anything but trivial after 11 years in office". She added that she expected challenges from both the right and the left of the political spectrum. Is Merkel really on the ropes? Profile: Angela Merkel In September, Mrs Merkel accepted responsibility for election defeats for the CDU in several states and conceded that her open-door policy towards migrants was a factor. Germany expected up to 300,000 migrants to arrive in the country this year, the head of the country's federal office for migration and refugees said earlier this year. In 2015, Germany received more than a million applications for asylum. She's kept Germany guessing for weeks, but it looks as though Angela Merkel has finally answered the so called K-frage (chancellor question). A poll for one Sunday newspaper (in German) found that 55% of Germans would vote for her. Mrs Merkel's approval ratings have gone up and down in recent months as a result of her refugee policy but they remain the envy of other world leaders. Even so, she will be battling the tide of populism that swept Donald Trump to victory in the States and which is also washing across Europe. The anti-Muslim party Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) is likely to win seats in the national parliament next year. It's highly unlikely to take Mrs Merkel down but it is leaching votes from Germany's established political parties. Those parties are - by and large - likely to be relieved by Mrs Merkel's decision. In the past few years the job of German chancellor has become one of the most powerful political positions in the world. The next incumbent must not only lead the country but deal with a fragmenting EU, in a world which may be much changed by the new US administration. It's widely (sometimes grudgingly ) accepted here that there simply isn't another realistic candidate for the job. As one broadcaster put it: "Angela Merkel - the indispensable". Read more: Germany jolted by AfD success A pastor's daughter who grew up in communist East Germany, Mrs Merkel has run the united country since 2005. If she wins next year's general election, due to take place between August and October, she will equal the post-war record set by Helmut Kohl, who was chancellor from 1982 to 1998. Germany - Europe's economic powerhouse - does not have term limits on the country's top job.
Gavin Egan, 34, was found in Peasholm Park, Scarborough, on 24 February 2016. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said PC Helen Hardie "had a case to answer for gross misconduct". The force said it "disagreed with the content of their [IPCC] report". More on this and other North Yorkshire stories In its report, the IPCC said an ambulance had gone to the park after a member of the public had contacted them to say he had pulled a man out out of the lake. A paramedic searched the park for about 38 minutes but could not find the missing man, so he called the police. PC Hardie attended the scene at about 04:00 GMT. The IPCC report said: "A four-minute search was carried out before PC Hardie left the area, she did not seek assistance and the incident log was closed soon after." It added that the officer concluded the missing man had fled the scene "despite a paramedic's view that he would be incapable of such action because of freezing temperatures". She later told an inspector "there was no evidence a man had been pulled from the lake". Mr Egan's body was found at about 11:30 GMT. The IPCC investigator said that in his opinion "PC Hardie had a case to answer for gross misconduct". In a statement, North Yorkshire Police said: "We disagreed with the content of their report and their finding that it amounted to gross misconduct. "We appealed their report and it was subsequently agreed with the IPCC that a misconduct meeting would be held. "This has been carried out and the officer has been issued with a written warning."
The decision came after an inquiry found that the tragedy could have been avoided if Harry Clarke had not lied about his history of blackouts. Mr Clarke, 58, was unconscious when the lorry veered out of control on 22 December 2014, killing six people. The inquiry found he had "repeatedly lied in order to gain and retain jobs". Relatives of Erin McQuade and Jack and Lorraine Sweeney made the announcement about the private prosecution after a fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the crash published its findings. In their statement, they criticised a decision by the Crown Office not to prosecute Mr Clarke and said they had instructed their own lawyers to take action. The family said: "The family note the press release by the Crown and they contend they were right not to prosecute the driver. "We firmly remain of the view that they are wrong as is their interpretation of the findings and recommendations. "As a result we have instructed our solicitor to commence a prosecution against the driver." The family's statement came after the Crown Office said: "There are no findings in the determination that undermine the decisions not to prosecute the driver. "There was no finding that the driver knew or ought to have known that he was unfit to drive." The statement concluded: "We note the sheriff's findings on the driver's motivation to retain or gain employment. "It is important to note the sheriff was considering evidence at an FAI where a lesser standard of proof is required and where more relaxed rules of evidence apply. "A criminal prosecution requires sufficient evidence to the much higher standard beyond reasonable doubt." The fatal accident inquiry (FAI) at Glasgow Sheriff Court, before Sheriff John Beckett, was set up after the Crown Office decided not to prosecute anyone over the crash. The inquiry, which concluded in August, examined the circumstances of the tragedy. Sheriff Beckett's determination is critical in particular of driver Harry Clarke, stating outright that the crash might have been avoided had he not lied about his medical history. But there are also implications for Glasgow City Council and potentially all local authorities; for doctors and GPs; and for the DVLA and driver licensing right across the UK. It includes appeals to government ministers and could see changes to the law. As well as eight "reasonable precautions" which could have prevented the crash - all relating to Mr Clarke's health - the sheriff outlined 19 recommendations which could reduce the chances of such an incident recurring in future. Read more from BBC Scotland reporter Philip Sim, who covered the inquiry at Glasgow Sheriff Court In his report, Sheriff Becket concluded: "The most effective measure to prevent such an occurrence would be to seek to avoid drivers becoming incapacitated at the wheel. "Responsibility in that regard lies with drivers themselves and Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA). "It may well be that the single most useful outcome of this inquiry would be to raise awareness of the dangers involved in driving if subject to a medical condition which could cause the driver to lose control of a vehicle." During evidence at the inquiry, it emerged that Mr Clarke had suffered an episode of neurocardiogenic syncope. He passed out at the wheel while the bin lorry was on Queen Street in Glasgow city centre, just days before Christmas. Just 19 seconds later, the vehicle came to rest against the Millennium Hotel in George Square, leaving six people dead and 17 injured. Those killed in the crash were Erin McQuade, 18, her grandparents Jack Sweeney, 68, and his 69-year-old wife Lorraine, from Dumbarton, Stephenie Tait, 29, and Jacqueline Morton, 51, both from Glasgow, and Gillian Ewing, 52, from Edinburgh. After hearing five weeks of evidence earlier this year, Sheriff Beckett issued a determination which identifies eight reasonable precautions which could have prevented the tragedy. All relate to an earlier blackout Mr Clarke experienced at the wheel of a bus on 7 April 2010 and his subsequent failure to fully disclose his medical history. Sheriff Beckett said Mr Clarke could have "told the whole truth" to his doctors about this incident, "refrained from continuing to drive buses" and provided "true and accurate information about his medical history" in later health questionnaires and assessments. Other precautions relate to doctors advising Mr Clarke to notify the DVLA and clarifying the circumstances of his blackout "before concluding that he had suffered a simple faint". A final precaution would have been for his then employer, bus firm First Glasgow, to have "provided a full, accurate and fair employment reference to Glasgow City Council". The inquiry heard that the council was not made aware that Mr Clarke faced disciplinary procedures at First Bus, related to repeated sick leave, when he left First Bus. Sheriff Beckett also made 19 recommendations which covered possible legislative changes, disclosure of medical information, the DVLA, Glasgow City Council and local authorities in general. One of the most significant is for the UK transport secretary to look at whether doctors should be given greater freedom, or an obligation, to report fitness to drive concerns directly to the DVLA. There is also a call for the transport secretary to consult on how best to ensure that the DVLA has the proper information to make fitness to drive licensing decisions. Sheriff Beckett said part of this should consider increasing the penalties and altering the method of prosecution for non-disclosure. His report also calls on the DVLA to provide greater clarity and guidance on how people who suffer losses of consciousness should be treated in respect of fitness to drive. He also recommends the DVLA should "change its policy" so relevant information on fitness to drive, from third parties such as the police, could be investigated. Sheriff Beckett also said the agency should "redouble its efforts to raise awareness of the implications of medical conditions for fitness to drive". A DVLA spokesman said: "We are carefully considering the recommendations in the report." The General Medical Council said vital "lessons were learned" from the crash. Chief executive Niall Dickson said: "We will be studying the report in detail and any implications for the GMC and its responsibilities. 'The responsibility for informing the DVLA about medical conditions sits first and foremost with the patient. "But doctors have responsibilities too and we are clear that they do have a vital role in helping to keep the public safe."
I called it a circus act, a freak show. I said it had all the weird fascination of one of those Victorian Odditoriums with Wang the Human Unicorn and Ella the infamous Camel Girl. The appeal of an Old Firm derby is not so much the football but the grisliness surrounding the football. That's the marketability of this game - the rot. It's not known as one of the most storied derbies in world football because of the quality of the action on the field. Maybe it was back in the day - undoubtedly it was - but that hasn't been the case for a long time now. Those who get drawn to it do so because of its essential madness, its toxicity, its poison. That's an uncomfortable admission given the nature of some of the things that go on around this match - the bigotry, the violence, the viciousness and hysteria on social media. But it's the truth. At its craziest, it's football's equivalent of the Jim Rose Circus. And, love it or loathe it, for the next three months, there will be little escape from it. It's back - or soon will be. It was inevitable. Plenty have missed it. Plenty of others have not.  It is possible to celebrate its return while also having an acute dread. That might seem like a contradiction, but in the strange world of the Old Firm, it makes some kind of sense. By the time it comes around, it will have been almost three years since the previous meeting of these two clubs. Expect that to be reflected in the acreage of newsprint and radio hours that will be expended on this Scottish League Cup semi-final. Before a previous meeting, I spent the week counting the number of newspaper pages given over to the fixture, from the Monday before to the Monday after. I gave up halfway through when the count had soared to over 100. One title had 27 pages dedicated to the game on one day alone. After a gap of three years, the mind boggles as to what lays ahead in terms of countdown. If you stop your stopwatch at the point when it was obvious that they would be drawn together, it probably it took a fraction of a millisecond for the first tweets to land, like blows to the jaw of their rivals. Media playback is not supported on this device Some among the Celtic support are steadfast in their belief that a unique occurrence is going to take place next year - the first meeting of the sides. Something akin to virtual spontaneous combustion happened on social media. As commentators ran through the gamut of Things We Cannot Say (TWCS), there was a predictable and plentiful response.  "Previous meetings" - there's been none. "Rivalry" - doesn't exist. "Rangers" - no such club. This coterie of Celtic fans say they see this League Cup semi-final as a match with no history. We must assume, by extension, that they believe the Celtic crowd at Hampden for the semi-final will be no more passionate and no more desperate for success than, say, a crowd at a Celtic v Dundee United semi; that victory, if it comes, will taste no sweeter than if it was Aberdeen they were playing. Just another semi-final? Really? Truly? Listening to the reaction from Celtic Park would have done nothing for those who hang on to the belief that next year's meeting will be the first of its kind. Respectfully, the very people at the heart of their own club do not agree. In the immediate aftermath of the draw, Ronny Deila, the Celtic manager, spoke about the renewal of the Old Firm derby. Stefan Johansen's comments were those of a man who believes that this is a continuation rather than a beginning. They're not alone. From the boardroom to the dressing-room, Celtic people have spoken in the recent past (sometimes off the record for fear of incurring the anger of some of the support) about Rangers not as a new entity but as a club they were looking forward to playing against again  - if only for the financial benefits that will come with having their ground full and their media partners salivating anew at a minimum of four Celtic v Rangers matches every season. In the real world, the Old Firm rivalry lives on and we'll see it in all its dubious glory on 31 January or 1 February. It will look the same, it will sound the same. Victory and defeat will engender the same response as it always has - joy and despair on an industrial scale. Deila said something else when he was asked for his reaction upon hearing the draw. He said that that the game was three months away and as a result "it's a little bit early to be talking about it." God bless him in his innocence. Rangers manager Ally McCoist knows only too well what's coming and it's a media whirlwind the like of which Deila has never seen before in his footballing life. If he thinks his time at Celtic has been intense then it's about to build to a dizzying high. Deila needs to strap himself in. There's turbulence ahead.
The woman, 26, was filmed cycling through the barrier at Waterbeach in Cambridgeshire on 12 September. Following an appeal by British Transport Police (BTP), she came forward voluntarily, officers said. At the time of the incident, rail bosses described it as "one of the closest near misses we've seen". BTP released the CCTV of the Cambridge woman passing the closed barrier and ignoring warning signals and lights. Hundreds of thousands of people watched the footage of her cycling up to the tracks before slamming on her brakes, and edging backwards as the train sped past. Moments later the woman was seen mopping her brow before cycling off in the direction she had come from. Her actions forced the driver of the train to apply the emergency brake when he saw her, operator Greater Anglia said. More than 100 trains travel through the Waterbeach crossing each day, at speeds of up to 75mph (120km/h). Since 1 January, there have been 70 reported incidents at level crossings in Cambridgeshire, a BTP spokesman said. However, incidents such as this one were "extremely rare", he added. The woman was cautioned under section 36 of the Malicious Damages Act 1861. The section covers incidents of "obstructing engines or carriages on railways", which carries a maximum sentence of two years in jail.
The Kitchener memorial in Orkney is among those in line for financial assistance. The monument, which sits on an exposed cliff edge, and faces extensive weathering - is getting £30,000. Memorials in Helensburgh, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Huntly, Tullibody and Keiss have also received War Memorials Trust funding. The recipients are: Frances Moreton, the director of War Memorials Trust, said: "The charity is delighted at the level of interest in this scheme and the enthusiasm of people across the country to do something about the condition of their memorials. "There are still plenty of funds available for the right projects so get in touch to see if we can help your local war memorial."
Third Energy submitted an application to extract shale gas at a site near Kirby Misperton in Ryedale in May 2015. The authority said a report on the application had not yet been finalised but it had received more than 4,000 representations about the proposals. Third Energy said it aimed to "minimise disruption to the local community". Rasik Valand, chief executive of the company, said: "The hydraulic fracturing and testing is a key step towards determining the viability of producing gas from this hybrid sandstone and shale formation in North Yorkshire." The county council's decision on the planning application had originally been expected last November but was delayed after the authority requested more information from Third Energy. The council said it recognised there would be considerable public interest in the decision and was making arrangements to ensure the meeting, at County Hall in Northallerton, was managed "safely and effectively". Environmental permits have already been granted to Third Energy by the Environment Agency.
Media playback is not supported on this device The Belfast bout was cancelled after Gutierrez, 24, slipped in the shower on Friday and suffered facial cuts, two broken teeth and bruising to the head. Northern Irishman Frampton, 30, had earlier weighed in for the fight a pound over the featherweight limit. That meant the contest would not have been a WBC title eliminator for him. Media playback is not supported on this device It is not clear if the rescheduled fight would be a title eliminator and much depends on the time required for Gutierrez to fully recover from his injuries. Frampton's manager Barry McGuigan said on Friday: "We're all so disappointed. It was a freak accident. "He slipped in the shower, smashed his face, the guy is concussed. He has a deep gash on his chin, his nose, lost two of his teeth." WARNING: Image of Gutierrez's facial injury below Saturday's bout was due to be Frampton's homecoming fight after losing to Mexican Leo Santa Cruz in Las Vegas in January. "Since the accident on Friday night and subsequent event cancellation, Cyclone Promotions, the SSE Arena, the Gutierrez management team, boxing authorities and relevant broadcasters have been working to agree a new date for the fight," Cyclone Promotions and the SSE Arena said on Saturday. "We appreciate the patience of all ticket holders who can retain their tickets pending confirmation of a rescheduled fight. For anyone wishing to arrange a refund, further details will be released early next week. "We wish to apologise once again for this very unfortunate cancellation and wish Andres a speedy recovery from the serious injuries he sustained last night."
They described a horrific scene at the end of the two day stand-off at Moulvibazar near Sylhet. Police told local media the militants detonated a grenade after failing to escape and to avoid being captured. The dead are believed to include members of a local jihadist group. On Saturday six people - two police officers and four civilians - were killed in twin bombings in Sylhet when commandos flushed out another group of suspected Islamist militants. So-called Islamic State (IS) claimed on messaging app Telegram that it was behind one of the blasts. In the latest incident on Thursday, police told The Daily Star that the bodies were discovered when a bomb disposal team entered the militants' den after "disposing of grenades and bombs [which were] lying scattered on the floor" of the building. The paper says that the sound of gunfire and explosions could be constantly heard right up until the time the security forces entered the premises. It is unclear how a child was apparently caught up in the violence. The BBC's Waliur Rahman in Dhaka says that another suspected hideout in the same north-eastern area has also been surrounded by police since Wednesday. Meanwhile, law enforcers are also keeping a close watch on a building in the eastern town of Comilla, where a similar raid to flush out militants is imminently expected. The escalation in violence comes at a time when many in Bangladesh thought security forces had managed to curb Islamist militancy, following the deadly siege on a cafe in Dhaka last year. Recent suicide attacks on security camps and checkpoints have surprised many. IS has claimed to be behind at least two other incidents this month, including one at a checkpoint near Bangladesh's international airport and one involving a man who tried to cross a checkpoint run by an elite police unit. However, Bangladeshi police maintain that an offshoot of the banned Islamist outfit Jamiatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) is responsible for many of these attacks, despite claims to the contrary by IS and al-Qaeda.
The deal would see Dublin Bus staff receive pay rises totalling 11.25% over three years. This is more than the increase of 8.25%, as recommended by the Labour Court. Drivers have been seeking a 15% pay rise over three years. The latest deal would not be linked to additional productivity. Strikes had been scheduled for 11 more days in October, including this Saturday, when Dublin face Mayo in the All-Ireland senior gaelic football final replay. Under the proposal, staff will be expected to cooperate with the introduction of drug and alcohol testing at work. Irish broadcaster RTÃ‰ reports that cooperation will also be expected on measures to reduce absenteeism. The proposal also included items relating to scheduling, pensions, and other policies. The ballot of Dublin Bus staff is expected to take about ten days. Hundreds of thousands of people have already been disrupted by a series of strikes by bus drivers in September.
"I recovered from anorexia, I became bulimic and struggled with self-harm and depression and I was diagnosed with bipolar after that," says Ruby, who is now 22. The illustrator and author, now known as Ruby etc, found herself in a cycle of hospitalisation from the age of 14, and she found each return to the classroom painfully stressful. "I was too unwell for school a lot of the time and hated formal art classes in particular," she says, and night-school was a non-starter too. Ruby is now building a successful career in art and has landed a publishing deal. At 17 she left education and began to draw every day. At the time, it was one of the only things she could engage with and it became an important coping mechanism. "When I drew it was a relief. It was catharsis," she says. Her sketches started on post-it-sized bits of paper always with the aim of making herself laugh. The "bizarre" nature of the mental health system provided plenty of inspiration  - from the therapists to the mood stabilisers,  which she thought of as bike stabilisers that required her to "do the peddlin'". "Often when I'm feeling really down I'll draw very silly things to take my mind off it all. Other times I might be feeling okay, but want to focus on something a little deeper or more serious," she says. After encouragement from a friend, Elliot started to post her images online. Over the next three years she amassed 200,000 subscribers to her Tumblr blog, 31,000 fans on Facebook and 28,000 Instagram followers. "I was so unwell and isolated but being able to put stuff on the internet and communicate with other people is something I could do from inside the house when I couldn't leave due to paranoia." Elliot now takes her sketchpad everywhere she goes and regards it as her "safety blanket". She doesn't do draft versions of her work, she just goes straight to it in pen - generally in black ink. Being depressed for me feels like I've been steam-rollered by an external force that renders me a grotty non-human pancake of sadness. I become so saturated and overwhelmed with feelings of worthlessness and hopelessness that the simplest of things become a giant effort - it can take me a week or more to convince myself to crawl into the shower. The subsequent shame and embarrassment about not being able to Do Anything is the icing on the cake really. I become noticeably slower. I sleep more. It's a scary place to be. The other side - mania - or hypomania (mania but without psychotic symptoms) is like a switch flicks within me and I suddenly have masses of energy; I sleep less, I do more. I can seem quite happy and 'well'. But I will have a pretty constant stream of rushing thoughts I'm trying to manage, and although they can be exciting, when I get sleep deprived I get agitated. It can get to a point where I can't 'switch off' and that gets quite dangerous and destructive. In the early days she had to deal with being "hypercritical" of herself and describes her sketchpad as one of the only places she didn't judge herself, saying: "It's like a separate mental space." The healing power of art has now been formally recognised. The National Institute for Clinical Excellence recommends art therapy as a cost-effective way of helping people with depression. Cal Strode from the Mental Health Foundation says it offers "expression when the emotional issues we're experiencing are too confusing or distressing to communicate with words". He says focussing on an activity calms the mind, "occupying and holding it in the present moment where it can't dwell on the past or worry about the future". His father, Liverpool artist Steve Strode, says he too has witnessed the power of art when he worked with another group which often finds itself isolated - inmates at a prison. "Although people wouldn't openly talk about feelings or emotions to keep up a front, often these things would come through in their art," he says. "People in my classes would sit and meditatively paint from photographs of family members for hours. "It was their escape." For Elliot, that freedom has culminated in a book-deal which caused a five-way bidding war, for a collection of drawings and personal essays about her experiences. "It was emotional digging things up and feeling them all over again, and battling with 'I'm not good enough' while trying to put this thing together and look after my health at the same time. But luckily I can sit at home and draw stuff at my desk if I don't want to go out. It has been stressful but very exciting." Elliot says she aimed to write and draw about mental health in the context of the person rather than "the stuff" which goes with it. "I'm quite interested in bridging that polarising gap between illness and wellness - it's the question of degree and extent," she says. Her book It's All Absolutely Fine is an irreverent look at mental health issues from anxiety to eating disorders and alienation. Committing to the book project was a practice in managing her own condition and she was strict at giving herself time out. Sometimes she would work for a couple of hours, other days just 10 minutes, and she was also aware of how much social media influenced her productivity and motivation. "I learned that I didn't have to post everything and I tend to steer clear of a lot of the negative stuff, but the positive response is a really great driving force," she says. "I've never made it my prerogative to help people, but I'm touched and humbled when people say it's helped them." Elliot who works at "an incredibly messy desk" at her parents' house in London or in cafes "without the distraction of computers" said balancing her sanctuary against her new-found job was crucial when it has been so instrumental in her recovery. "I still struggle with mood episodes so I try and retain as much of the enjoyment as I can with drawing - but it can be stressful knowing you've got to produce work," she says. "The best work happens when I'm enjoying it; because if you're playing to the audience too much, or worrying about how popular it'll be, it always ends up being less funny, less 'you'." Ruby's story and pictures can be seen in her book It's All Absolutely Fine.
Now, after nearly two years in the post, his union is involved in four simultaneous fights with four different rail companies. On Southern railway and ScotRail, his members have staged strikes against plans by the train companies to run more trains on which drivers, rather than guards, operate the doors. The ScotRail dispute may be nearing resolution, while the latest Southern train strikes have now been called off for talks. More recently, Virgin East Coast rail workers have voted for strike action, while RMT staff on Eurostar are set to stage two walkouts this month. It seems that Mr Cash has a lot on his plate at the moment. But his tactics are still the same as those he outlined to the Guardian in September 2014, shortly after taking office. "We negotiate first, we seek to get deals, but if we can't, we give our members the opportunity to have their say," he told the newspaper. Mr Cash has been a member of the RMT, and its predecessor the National Union of Railwaymen, for 35 years. He had some big shoes to fill when he became the union's general secretary. The previous occupant of the post, Bob Crow, widely portrayed as a left-wing bogeyman and a throwback to the more militant era of the 1970s, had become the best-known trade unionist in the UK. In contrast, Mr Cash, who had been Mr Crow's deputy for 12 years, was immediately labelled a "moderate", despite his assertions that there would be "no deviation from the industrial, political and organising strategy mapped out by RMT under Bob's leadership". Mr Cash is a long-time Labour supporter who has served on the party's National Executive Committee and as a local councillor. His association with Labour has continued even after the RMT was expelled from the party in 2004, while the union itself is now affiliated to the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition. He has never made any secret of his view that the railways should be renationalised. He has referred to rail companies as "parasites" and written that "the only answer to this continuing rail chaos is public ownership". But rail industry observers say the RMT's main objective in the current round of disputes is not a political one, merely a desire to hold back a growing tendency to hand more tasks to train drivers and reduce the role of guards. This, for the union, is an issue of safety. And given the way that passenger numbers have increased and trains have lengthened in recent years, some analysts feel the RMT does have a case. Mr Cash is a railwayman through and through, having begun work with British Rail in 1978 in the signal and telegraph department. He joined the RMT full-time in 2002. In the current wave of industrial action, he has been popping up on picket lines from Glasgow to Eastbourne, always ready to denounce rail bosses for "ripping apart the safety culture on our railways". True, his public profile remains self-effacing, unlike that of his ebullient predecessor. But that may not matter too much, since he has held on to the big increase in membership that happened on Mr Crow's watch. The RMT had just 57,000 members in 2002, but the total now stands at more than 82,000. Without attracting the same attention, Mr Cash has quietly followed in Mr Crow's wake, following much the same policies. "This union is in fighting shape for the battles that we know lie ahead," he said when he took office, and whatever the travelling public may think of the outcome, he has certainly faced those battles head on.
Traditionally a place for studios to show off what they have been working on, this year the gaming industry extravaganza has shaped up a little differently. Publisher EA has decided to run a separate event aimed at gamers, while rival Activision is letting the console companies promote its games, rather than having its own showcase. "Usually it has been a retail show connecting publishers with buyers, but that is less relevant now due to the digital opportunities in gaming," said Piers Harding-Rolls, director of games at consultancy IHS Technology. "But E3 still has an important role to play. It's where people learn about new products coming to market." And plenty of studios have capitalised on the excitement around E3 to tease their new releases, many squeezing out announcements before doors open on 14 June. Of course, if previous years are anything to go by, there are likely to be a few surprises during the week. Harvey Smith has worked on critically acclaimed games including cyberpunk role-playing adventure Deus Ex, and stealth-action thriller Dishonored, which won the Bafta award for best game in 2013. The BBC asked him to share the games he's most looking forward to at E3. Overland I'm a big fan of Adam Saltsman. His game Capsule - an incredibly tense and claustrophobic space travel game - is sublime. Overland is a thoughtful, soulful, post-apocalyptic road trip game with a beautifully laconic art style. Every year, there's an indie game or two that just feels like it was made for me. This year, it might be Overland. Luna I really like Robin Hunicke's work and the art style is super cute - but it goes beyond that. I love that you're not really sure what kind of game it will be. It's the combination of looking sweet and naive on the surface, but somehow hinting at something more complex and sophisticated. I suspect it's a bit of a Trojan horse in that respect. No Man's Sky We play games for a variety of reasons. Some people play games to demonstrate mastery over systems; some play to marvel at a reality beyond ours; some play to feel a sense of wonder at the ecological grandeur of the world. No Man's Sky promises all of that, seducing us with unknown possibilities. Deus Ex: Mankind Divided As one of the people to have participated in the genesis of the Deus Ex brand of dystopia, I am full of hope for the new Deus Ex game. If it's all I want it to be, it will present players with a gritty world gone wrong, challenging moral terrain, and flexible game systems that lead to improvisational "play" in the true sense of the word. State of Decay 2 (Rumoured) As a fan of often nihilistic zombie fiction, I was really drawn to State of Decay. The original was a gem in the rough. The best thing about the game was the way it kept enabling player-driven stories. So many times, I got into a tight spot of my own making, then managed to get out of it through creative play. Some moments left me sweating and yelling when I got back to home base, and those moments were generally unscripted. If the new game is more polished, this could be really strong. Red Dead Redemption 2 (Rumoured) I grew up watching spaghetti westerns. They're problematic, but they occupy a mythic place in my soul. I loved Red Dead Redemption for its pacing and exploration value - watching a good western is cool, but inhabiting one is another thing entirely. I still miss my beautiful horse, killed by a pair of mountain lions, both of which I shot dead and skinned. I hope the developers took note of the stories players told after engaging with the game. Three short years have passed since the PlayStation 4 (PS4) and Xbox One went on sale, but there is an expectation that both consoles will soon be refreshed. In the past, Microsoft and Sony refined their consoles during their lifecycles with cosmetic changes and occasionally some useful upgrades such as a larger hard drive. But this time round more significant changes are planned. Sony revealed to the Financial Times on Friday that it is working on an upgraded PS4 codenamed Neo. It said it would be able to handle 4K output - four times the detail of 1080p high definition - but would not be ready to unveil at E3. Sony added it would be more expensive than the basic version, which will continue to be made, but did not say by how much. "I do not believe the new PS4 will be possible of native 4K gaming," commented Mr Harding-Rolls. "The cost implications on both the device and content creation make this unfeasible. "It is likely to support 4K video - as this is where the majority of 4K content is emerging - and will probably upscale PS4 games to 4K output. "Whether this upscaling significantly improves the visuals probably depends on the game, the size of the 4K TV it is shown on and the quality of upscaling." Gaming blogs have also suggested that a smaller Xbox One could be unveiled at E3. The console has been criticised for being bulkier than its predecessor, although Microsoft designer Carl Ledbetter has explained the size helps keep the machine cool and allows it to run quietly. Nintendo has already confirmed it is working on a new console - codenamed NX - but has said it will not be showing  the device at E3. Virtual reality was expected to steal the show at last year's E3, but despite high-profile backing from the likes of Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, gamers with VR headsets are still few and far between. Headsets such as the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive are finally making their way onto gamers' faces, so 2016 could be the year that blockbuster titles that attract the masses are announced. Sony's PlayStation VR is due out in October - perhaps perfectly timed for the highly anticipated space exploration game No Man's Sky to be revealed as a launch title. Creator Sean Murray has said it would be a "perfect fit" for VR, and it has been tested in Oculus - but he has yet to reveal more. Microsoft currently has no VR hardware of its own, instead focusing on its Hololens augmented reality helmet, which superimposes graphics over real-world views. But the Xbox controller already works with the Oculus Rift headset, and there is speculation that Microsoft will announce a tie-up with the Oculus platform. "Microsoft has been looking at an open approach to VR, inviting manufacturers to use its Windows platform to build their businesses on," said Mr Harding-Rolls. "I think it would be a stretch to go from those ideas, to announcing an exclusive agreement to bring a particular VR headset manufacturer to Xbox One. "But it has to put forward strategies to convince Xbox 360 users who haven't converted yet to upgrade." The PS4 has pulled ahead of Xbox One in the console race, so gamers will be watching Microsoft closely for exclusives. Gaming blogs have suggested two series featuring the undead will be revived. "We're expecting Dead Rising 4, and State of Decay 2 - both have performed well on the Xbox platform before," said Tom Phillips, deputy news editor at Eurogamer. Some of last year's biggest announcements - such as first-person shooter Gears of War 4, and role-playing game Scalebound - have yet to be released. Sony too has yet to deliver on some of its previous announcements, such as The Last Guardian, a fantasy-adventure about a boy who befriends a cat-bird hybrid creature. It was first announced at E3 in 2009. "The Last Guardian has achieved an almost mythical quality by this point," said Mr Phillips. "It's finally coming out this year, so hopefully it's the last time we'll see it trailed at E3. But it does feel like when these big games do come out, they are generally well received, as with Uncharted. "This year, I think we'll see Sony hand over the stage to some of the games it has tie-ins with, such as Call of Duty." The military-inspired shooter began as a Windows game in 2003, but now offers some add-on content to PlayStation gamers first. It's shaping up to be a relatively quiet E3 for Nintendo, but it is likely to attract attention with its much-delayed Legend of Zelda game, with a new quest for the young sword-wielding hero Link. It is one of the bestselling series of all time, but the latest instalment has been repeatedly delayed. First announced in 2014, is now tipped to be a launch title for the NX console, and could end up being the last big home-grown game Nintendo releases for the Wii U. Not everything promised at E3 is successfully delivered. Ubisoft was criticised after its 2012 demo of Watch Dogs featured superior graphics to those that appeared in the released console games.  A San Francisco-set sequel has been teased ahead of E3. "First time round there was huge interest in the game, but it didn't quite live up to expectations," said Mr Phillips. "Ubisoft has a history of having a good idea but not quite getting it right until the second release, as with Assassin's Creed. "Hopefully with this sequel they have had time to refine it." Sunday 12 June EA - 21.00 BST (13.00 PDT) Monday 13 June Bethesda Softworks - 03.00 BST (Sunday 19.00 PDT) Microsoft - 17.30 BST (09.30 PDT) PC Gaming Show - 20.00 BST (12.00 PDT) Ubisoft - 21.00 BST (13.00 PDT) Tuesday 14 June Sony - 02.00 BST (Monday 18.00 PDT) Nintendo - 17.00 BST (09.00 PDT)
Mr Trump invited the County Down golfer to play at his Trump International Golf Club on Sunday. After 18 holes on the Florida course, McIlroy said of his playing partner: "He probably shot around 80. He's a decent player for a guy in his 70s." However, following a backlash on social media, McIlroy took to Twitter on Friday evening to defend his actions. In the post, he said he respects Mr Trump's office and hit out at those who described him as a fascist and a bigot in the wake of the meeting. "I don't agree with everything my friends or family say or do, but I still play golf with them," he tweeted. "Last week, I was invited to play golf with the president of the United States. Whether you respect the person who holds the position or not, you respect the office that he holds." He added that the game was "not an endorsement, nor a political statement of any kind". "It was, quite simply, a round of golf," he wrote. "I've travelled all over the world and have been fortunate enough to befriend people from many different countries, beliefs and cultures. "To be called a fascist and a bigot by some people because I spent time in someone's company is just ridiculous. I hope, to some degree, this clarifies my decision to accept the invitation."
The database is reported to contain information on 100,000 US Department of Defense employees, among others. Troy Hunt, who published news of the leak, said the information had "enormous" potential for scammers. Business services firm Dun & Bradstreet confirmed to tech news site ZDNet that it owns the data. Information on government departments and private sector employees is commonly collated by business services that sell the data to other companies, such as marketing firms. In this case, the records - including names, job titles and contact details - were originally compiled by NetProspex, which was acquired by Dun & Bradstreet in 2015. Organisations with employees mentioned in the data include the US Postal Service, telecoms giant AT&T and the retailer Walmart. Mr Hunt pointed out that people might try to use the names and email addresses in the database to scam or retrieve sensitive information from recipients - a practice known as spear phishing. "The value for very targeted spear phishing is enormous because you can carefully craft messages that refer to specific individuals of influence and their roles within the organisation," he wrote on his blog. Dun & Bradstreet told ZDNet: "Based on our analysis, it was not accessed or exposed through a Dun & Bradstreet system." The leak is the latest in a long string of personal data caches dumped online. In January, personal information of health workers in the US Army was found online by another security professional.
The Oromo and the Amhara make up about 60% of the population. They complain power is held by a tiny Tigrean elite. Violence has intensified since last Sunday when at least 55 people were killed in clashes between police and protesters at an Oromo festival. Hundreds have died in months of protests, human rights groups say. Tens of thousands have also been detained, they say. Declaring the state of emergency, Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn said in a televised address: "We put our citizens' safety first. Besides, we want to put an end to the damage that is being carried out against infrastructure projects, education institutions, health centres, administration and justice buildings." The state of emergency will last for six months. BBC World Service Africa editor Mary Harper says the violent protests are the most serious threat to Ethiopian stability in a quarter of a century. Source: CIA World Factbook estimates from 2007 The protesters have been attacking foreign companies, she says, threatening Ethiopia's reputation as a growing economy, ripe for international investment. The details of the state of emergency remain unclear, but she adds that protesters have already shown they will not back down when faced with force. Many roads into and out of the capital, Addis Ababa, are blocked by protesters. The protests since last November are for manifold reason, and include: In the most recent unrest in Oromia, at least 55 people were killed in a stampede. Opposition activists blame the police for causing panic at the annual Ireecha celebrations - a traditional Oromo religious festival. The government blames "anti-peace forces" demonstrating in the crowd. Police fired tear gas to disperse protesters angered at their handling of the event, witnesses told the BBC. Protesters say violence by the security forces led to the stampede, but the PM denied security forces had opened fire. Correspondents say that while the ruling coalition has some solid achievements to show for its 25 years in power, it has been unable to manage the transition from being a secretive revolutionary movement to running an open, democratic government.
Goodwin, who gave Trevor Francis his Blues debut, led the club to two FA Cup semi-finals and promotion to the old Division One in his time in charge, from June 1970 to September 1975. He had previously been manager of both Scunthorpe United and Brighton. During his playing career, he was a wing-half for Matt Busby's United, then Leeds before finishing at Scunthorpe. As one of the Busby Babes, he made his first team breakthrough at Old Trafford following the Munich Air Disaster in 1958. He played in the first game after Munich, just a fortnight later, when the team-sheet in the programme was famously left blank for the club's FA Cup fifth-round win over Sheffield Wednesday. And he was in the rebuilt United team all the way to Wembley, where they lost 2-0 to local rivals Bolton Wanderers. Heywood-born Goodwin also played first-class cricket over two summers, making 11 appearances as a fast bowler for his native Lancashire, in which he took a career-best 5-35 against Middlesex at Lord's in June 1955. After leaving Birmingham in 1975, Goodwin took up an offer to move to the then burgeoning North American Soccer League, where he had two spells as coach, then club president of the Minnesota Kicks. He remained in the United States for the rest of his life, and died at home in Gig Harbor, Washington State at the weekend. Birmingham City will pay tribute at Tuesday night's home game with Bolton Wanderers at St Andrew's. The players will wear black armbands and there will be a minute's applause.
The dig at Auckland Castle's walled garden revealed a pioneering pinery-vinery, created by Bishop Richard Trevor in the 1750s. This utilised furnaces and flues to allow the cultivation of exotic fruits, particularly much coveted pineapples. It is believed to be one of the first of its kind in the North East and set the standard for following ones. The dig, by archaeologists from Durham University and volunteers from the Auckland Castle Trust, was in advance of a Â£10m scheme to grow fruit and vegetables under glass domes in the walled garden to supply a new on-site restaurant.
The US company says the "limited edition" Toq is designed to showcase its new technologies rather than compete with its other products. Qualcomm is best known for making processors that power smartphones. However, one analyst suggested the device was too bulky to appeal beyond a niche enthusiast audience. The $349 (Â£215) gadget is being made available via only Qualcomm's website to US customers, and the company said it was "unlikely" it would sell the watch elsewhere. The Toq is designed to be paired with any smartphone running Android 4.0.3 or higher. It allows its owner to receive and send text messages, manage reminders and view other information - such as weather forecasts or stock prices - obtained via their handset. There is no software store for the watch itself, but existing handset apps can be adapted to send details to its display and activate a vibrate function. In addition it can be used to accept or reject calls, and control what music is being played from the linked phone's library. The company says that the watch's key innovation is its use of its proprietary Mirasol technology. Rob Chandok, president of Qualcomm Interactive Platforms, described this as being similar to the e-ink displays commonly used by e-book readers and another smartwatch - the Pebble - but better. "In addition to the fact it offers colour, the refresh rate of Mirasol can be 30 frames a second, which allows you to build a touch interface," he told the BBC. "That's tremendously important when you are trying to offer some of these experiences. "In an e-ink display you can't refresh the screen fast enough to follow the finger." Mirasol is significantly less power-hungry than the OLED tech used by Samsung's Galaxy Gear watch, meaning that unlike its rival, its screen does not have to turn itself off when angled away from the user's face to extend battery life. Sony's Smartwatch 2 does offer an always-on LCD display - however, it requires the user to switch on a backlight in dim conditions. Although Qualcomm suggests the Toq's lack of an on/off switch makes it the superior option, Mr Chandok acknowledged that the Toq display's graphics were not as vibrant or crisp as the alternatives. "But we've got other versions of Mirasol in the pipeline that are going to have a better colour gamut and vibrancy," he added. Qualcomm has also included three other technologies it has developed that it hopes will attract the attention of manufacturers: Mr Chandok said "tens of thousands, but not hundreds of thousands" of the watches were being produced, adding that its appeal was likely to be limited to an "early adopter" crowd. "We would consider making more if the demand were high," he said. "But our preference is for our partners to bring out products [using the new technologies] in the next six months, and we're working hard with a few people to do that." He declined to name the companies involved, but did reveal that in theory the Toq could be made compatible with Apple's iPhones. "We limited the spend on what we were doing and just built the applications on the Android side," he said. "There's nothing keeping us from doing an iOS app, we just haven't invested in that." Many analysts believe the market in smartwatches and other wearable technologies - such as Google's Glass eyewear - has the potential for huge growth. The research firm NextMarket Insights has predicted 373 million smartwatches will be shipped in 2020 compared with fewer than one million this year. However, one expert warned that Qualcomm and others had to make major improvements to achieve such numbers. "They are still relatively bulky in watch terms and you still have issues with recharging, which is an alien concept to people with watches," said Chris Green, an analyst at the consultants Davies Murphy Group. "The Toq offers a little bit more than some of the other smartwatches in terms of what it can do, but it's still ultimately a basic thing offering little more than a second screen, and is quite gimmicky. "We've still to see anyone offer a smartwatch that delivers something that we actually need."
Trains to London Victoria, Charing Cross and Cannon Street are affected. Passengers were urged to check the Southeastern trains website before they travel, with more than 50 services currently delayed or cancelled. Southeastern apologised, saying it had been caused by "a complete loss of signalling". The signal is now working again, but delays are expected to continue. Train passengers are being advised they can use their tickets on London Underground, Docklands Light Railway and London Overground, and on London Buses between Lewisham and central London. Commuters delayed by more than half an hour can claim compensation. The general secretary of the RMT union blamed the problem on a "toxic mix of massive overcrowding and infrastructure failures". A Network Rail spokesperson said: "We apologise for the delays passengers experienced this morning on the line through London Bridge to Charing Cross and Cannon Street. "The signalling problems have been fixed but there are delays as the service recovers. We would advise passengers to check the latest travel information on National Rail Enquiries or with their train operator."
She has lost her British citizenship and exclusion is expected to follow, meaning she cannot travel to the UK. Ms Chapman was among 10 Russians arrested in the US who admitted to being agents for a foreign country. Last week her lawyer said she would like to come to the UK as she has a UK passport through a previous marriage. Russia agreed to exchange four US spies for the 10 Russian agents and the swap was carried out in Vienna on 9 July. Ms Chapman, who is also known as Anya Kushchenko, is the daughter of a Russian diplomat. Until the Home Office's decision, she had dual Russian-UK nationality. BBC home affairs correspondent Andy Tighe said Ms Chapman became the best-known of the Russian spy ring after details and photographs from her Facebook entry were picked up by newspapers around the world. He said her lawyers were handed a letter formally revoking her citizenship and she was told her passport was no longer valid. It is understood steps are also being taken to permanently exclude Ms Chapman from travelling to the UK in the future, our correspondent said. Earlier this month, Briton Alex Chapman, 30, from Bournemouth, Dorset, talked to a newspaper about his four-year marriage to the 28-year-old Russian. He said they had met at a party in London in 2002 and married five months later. He said she changed dramatically during the marriage, and by the end was having "secretive" meetings with "Russian friends". Ms Chapman did not seek to conceal her Russian identity when she arrived in New York from Moscow in February 2010, saying she wanted to build up a recruitment agency targeting young professionals in both cities. But following the Vienna spy swap, a Home Office spokesperson had said they were reviewing Ms Chapman's passport situation. Russian agents' all-American lives Viewpoint: Life after spying 'Russian spy suspect was my wife' "The home secretary has the right to deprive dual nationals of their British citizenship where she considers that to do so would be conducive to the public good. This case is under urgent consideration," the spokesperson said. Shadow home secretary Alan Johnson had said it "cannot be in our interests" to let Ms Chapman settle in the UK. The BBC's Dominic Casciani said only half a dozen people have been stripped of British citizenship since the law was introduced in 2002. The law was partly introduced to make it easier to deport radical cleric Abu Hamza al Masri. The home secretary can strip someone of citizenship if their presence is "seriously prejudicial" to British interests: for example, if they are a threat to national security. The 10 Russian agents had pleaded guilty in New York to "conspiracy to act as an unregistered agent of a foreign country". More serious money-laundering charges against them were dropped. Prosecutors said the accused had posed as ordinary citizens, some living together as couples for years, and were ordered by Russia's External Intelligence Service (SVR) to infiltrate policy-making circles and collect information. On Sunday it was reported that two of the four Russians expelled from Moscow as part of the spy swap were believed to be staying undercover in a British hotel. The brother of one, Igor Sutyagin, said he had called his wife from a small town on the edge of London, but had not been told exactly where he was.
Professor Alexis Jay's report detailed how girls as young as 11 were raped, trafficked, abducted, beaten, and intimidated, predominantly by men of Pakistani-heritage. It said there had been "blatant" collective failures by the council's leadership, a failure by South Yorkshire Police to prioritise the issue and said senior managers had "underplayed" the scale of the problem. The report prompted a raft of resignations and further inquiries, one of which led to the council being taken over by government-appointed commissioners. But, 12 months on, BBC News asked those most closely involved what has changed in Rotherham? Jessica, not her real name, said she was first abused when she aged just 12. Since the report was published, she believes there has been "real change" in the way the authorities deal with victims of child sexual exploitation (CSE). "We're now being listened to, there's more support in place and survivors and their families are now on board and helping agencies shape services," she said. "We're telling them what we need and what's going to help us move forward." However, she said more needed to be done and called for "mandatory education" for children on the dangers of grooming and increased funding for police forces. "I know a lot of people find it difficult to trust the authorities but I do think things are really changing now," she continued. "I think the way people look at abuse is changing and I think the authorities recognise that it's not the victim's fault, it's not the parents' fault and that the perpetrators are the ones to blame." In a video message posted on Rotherham Council's website, council leader Chris Read said: "We've begun to make the changes that we need and we are making progress. We've been listening and we are acting. "Our child sexual exploitation team has been rebuilt and we're working more closely than ever with our partners to deliver the services that people need and deserve. "We are rebuilding our council so it can't fail so badly ever again." Ian Thomas was appointed director of children's services at the council in January, following the resignation of Joyce Thacker. "When you look at where we've come in the last few months it's been a long way, especially when you look at the amount of services in place now for victims and survivors," he said. "We're supporting around 300 victims and survivors of CSE through investing over half a million pounds. "But, let me be very, very clear - we still have a long way to go." Dr Alan Billings was elected as South Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) in October 2014 following the resignation of Shaun Wright. Since then he has set up a "Victims, Survivors and Families panel" to allow those affected by CSE in Rotherham to discuss their experiences with officers. In June, he also appointed Prof John Drew to lead an independent review of South Yorkshire Police's handling of CSE reports. "I think very few of us understood the nature of grooming, the police ought to have done, but I don't think we did," he said. "One of the things that has changed is that we do now recognise what grooming is. "It's not about girls who are out of control, who are disrespectful of authority, who are incorrigible in their behaviour and have to be treated in that way - it's about young people who are victims. "We understand that now and that's been a huge shift in understanding and that's very important." Since his appointment 62 additional officers had been put to work in the Public Protection Unit. Since the report's publication, Ch Supt Jason Harwin said South Yorkshire Police now "understands the needs and support required" by victims. He said Dr Billings' panel was helping officers understand "what we need to do differently". "I've got a responsibility to make sure I do everything and my staff do everything to make sure they feel [victims] have got the confidence to come forward and, when they do, they are treated with respect, with dignity and, ultimately, helped to get through the challenge that they face," he said. Since August 2014, eight men have been charged with more than 100 offences as part of Operation Clover, the force's investigation into CSE in Rotherham. Mr Harwin said: "The last 12 months have been horrific for Rotherham, particularly for the victims and survivors, and it has sent shockwaves through the community. "The important thing that has been changing in the past 12 months is that communities know that they have got a key part to play in making sure we identify those responsible and, with the work we've been doing around education and increasing awareness, we're seeing now more information coming forward to police. "We're committed to doing everything we can to bring these people to justice and we are bringing people to justice." Report author Prof Jay said: "I hope that my report has contributed to significant awareness-raising, both by the public and professionals and that it should not be dismissed as scarcely a crime but that it is a very, very serious crime and should be treated as such. "My report did bring child sexual exploitation sharply in to the public domain and I would like to think of that as an achievement, but there are lots of other people who have been working hard to try to get recognition for it. I think that's probably the most important aspect. "Secondly, I would say the support for known victims and survivors has had more investment put in to it, but I do not think it is there yet in terms of meeting their needs. "We simply do not know what the volume of demand for this kind of therapeutic help will be, but it's increased significantly in the last year so that's important as well that more money has been made available to provide this kind of support to those who so desperately need it."
Losses unlike any suffered by a main opposition party between elections for three decades. But - of course - that may all turn out to be a naively rosy expectation when the results are finally in. The votes have yet to be counted, after all, and it's possible the Labour Party may end up wishing the outcome was merely painful and no worse. It could just conceivably turn out to be catastrophic. If this all sounds a little apocalyptic, forgive me. Hair-rending and teeth gnashing Doom-laden adjectives are the stock in trade of political punditry at election time, especially when the occasion lends itself to a little hair-rending and teeth-gnashing. And there is already a not-especially-orderly queue of Jeremy Corbyn's critics in the Labour Party, waiting to blame poor results for their party on his leadership, and clearing their throats to strike up the chorus of voices wanting him to go. In so far as an objective analysis exists, what would a bad night for Labour look like? No main opposition party has suffered net losses of council seats for 30 years. The English local council seats up for grabs were won at the height of Labour's popularity under Ed Miliband - though that's not saying a great deal. Now, losses look inevitable, and a pantheon of psephologists predict 150, 190, more? Mr Corbyn's Labour enemies have set the bar for respectability impossibly high. Four hundred gains are the minimum to show progress, according to the likes of defeated leadership contender Liz Kendall, and given the fact Labour's trailing the Conservatives in the national polls, she might as well have demanded 400,000. If Labour comes third in Scotland - though that's not thought very likely - or loses in London - something almost no-one expects to happen, the hair-rending and teeth-gnashing will be so frenzied as to leave the entire Labour Party, Corbynistas and anti-Corbynistas alike, bald and toothless. As it is, we can expect a cacophonous set of rival choruses. Those loyal to the leader blaming the disloyalty of dissident MPs for vote-sapping disunity. And those who want the leader gone blaming him; demanding a change of direction and some a change of leader. There's no plan among the mutineers in waiting to move against Mr Corbyn this side of the European referendum. That would smack too much of treachery with a defining struggle for Britain still to be won and lost. Will they strike afterwards? Will any MP risk the certain wrath of Mr Corbyn's army of loyal supporters subsequently? From all I hear, at least two and possibly more Labour MPs of vintage and deep anti-Corbyn conviction, have told friends and colleagues that they will. As of now - tonight - a challenge looks to me more than a plausible possibility. But let's see. Remember Michael Foot? Remember Gordon Brown at the nadir of his fortunes? Yes, Labour dumped Tony Blair, but he had a truly dedicated and ruthlessly ambitious replacement in Mr Brown (and the compromises he forced on the party grated horribly with the faithful well before Iraq). Put bluntly, Labour has always been rubbish at regicide. This time, as far as I can detect, the mood is different. Something damaging and conceivably dangerous for the Labour leader is about to happen. Will it end with the Labour leader's position damaged or even strengthened, at least internally? With the Labour faithful, the ordinary members new and old, who elected Jeremy Corbyn in the first place in no mood to dump him, the chances of a challenge succeeding look remote. That doesn't mean the mutineers won't try. As for the Conservatives, David Cameron's enjoying an easier ride than any leader of a governing party as divided as the Conservatives has any right to expect. Split and bitterly fractious over Europe, some feeling rebellious over bossy and, it's argued, "un-Conservative" plans to force through academisation of schools and push hard for more elected mayors, the Tories really ought to be struggling, oughtn't they? And what about the continuing austerity of the chancellor's two-steps-forward-and-one-step back drive towards deficit reduction? The prime minister must be offering a prayer a day in thanks for Labour's troubles. If he doesn't, he needs to start. The Liberal Democrats? They're used to fighting with their backs against the wall and, for Tim Farron, that's just as well. At least they can scarcely do worse than they did in May 2015 at the general election, and they won't. UKIP may have passed their high water mark. But they'll hope for something to cheer about, in Wales at the very least. Then, after the referendum, Nigel Farage will get on with his dream of redesigning and rebranding his party. It's up the voters in the end, isn't it. The ones who bother to vote, anyway. Wonder what they've made of it all?
Her husband, 29-year-old Aash Bahadur Gurung, was one of the Sherpa climbing guides caught up when a huge mass of snow suddenly gave way a few hundred metres above Everest Base Camp as they prepared for the climbing season. "I still feel he's alive," the 25-year-old told the BBC, struggling to control her tears as she carried her 10-month-old son, Anish Gurung. "Before going to Everest, he said it was his last time to work as a guide. "He wanted to go to America. He wanted to make some money and make our lives better." Sixteen Sherpas lost their lives on 18 April in what has been described by many as modern mountaineering's deadliest single tragedy. Three of them have not been found and are presumed dead. Since the avalanche, more than 300 international climbers have abandoned their plans to scale Mount Everest - the world's highest mountain at 8,848m (29,029ft), which straddles the border between China and Nepal. Nepal's tourism and mountaineering authorities have been left high and dry. Anita Lama, 23, is the widow of Asman Tamang, 26, who also died on the mountain. "I never thought that such a tragedy would happen," she told the BBC, her eyes welling up as she carried her daughter, 11-month-old Dolma Tamang. "He started going to the mountains for work for the past four years or so. "Before the accident he said he would come back after two months. He was planning to build our own house after a couple of years." After the disaster struck, the Nepali government announced a compensation and insurance package worth about $15,000 (£8,800) to the families of the Sherpa climbers. But the families and friends of those killed were not satisfied. Nimi Sherpa, who is a climber herself and an aunt of Phurba Ongyal Sherpa, 25, who also died in the avalanche, said the government had insulted the country's climbing community by initially announcing compensation worth merely $400 (£238). "We are being treated like beggars," she said. "We were treated miserably in the past, too, that's why many Sherpas have left the country." Nepal's Himalayan Sherpa people are believed to have migrated from eastern Tibet centuries ago, and their population in Nepal currently stands at just over 112,000, according to Nepal's Population and Housing Census 2011. The term "Sherpa" is now widely used to identify a climbing guide, and not all come from the ethnic Sherpa community of Solukhumbu, the district where Mount Everest is located. According to the Nepal Mountaineering Association (NMA), around 9,000 Sherpas are engaged in mountaineering working as guides and climbing aides, and they make between $5,000 (£3,000) and $7,000 each climbing season - several times higher than the average Nepali income. But the job is fraught with risks and there is no proper official social security arrangements, senior Sherpas say, so thousands have chosen to migrate to greener pastures. Many have gone to America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand, and others to neighbouring India. After the avalanche, Nepal's tourism and mountaineering officials were unable to persuade the 300 international climbers at the Everest Base Camp to continue climbing. "All climbers have packed up and left the base camp by now," Ang Tshering Sherpa, president of the NMA, told the BBC. "But the expedition plans from the Chinese side of the mountain are on." In recent years, Nepal's tourism ministry has been earning an annual sum of more than $3m (£1.7m) from the climbers heading to Mount Everest alone. After the disaster on 18 April, officials decided to extend the permits issued this year for five years. They also announced better rescue and security measures for mountaineers. As well as the security measures, the government announced education and welfare benefits for the families of those Sherpas killed. But 77-year-old Nima Sherpa, who lost her youngest son, Ang Kaji Sherpa, 37, in the avalanche, is still worried that her six grandchildren may suffer. "He went to the Himal [mountain] to make money, earn daily bread for the family, build a house. Now who will do that?" she asked, as she joined prayers organised in memory of her son at a Sherpa monastery in Kathmandu. Her granddaughters Chhechi Sherpa, 19, and Sumi Sherpa, 15, go to school in Kathmandu, but now, after the sudden death of their father, they are worried about their future. "The government must help us complete our education," Chhechi said. "It must also give us facilities such as taking up government jobs." In the weeks since the avalanche, some Sherpas at the Everest Base Camp have demanded seats in parliament and access to civil service roles such as mountain liaison officer assignments - a job assigned to mostly non-Sherpa Nepali officials until now. Tourism Minister Bhim Acharya responded to this, saying: "The government is serious about the demands put forth by our brave Sherpa climbers. We are doing whatever we can. "But as far as a government job without the proper qualifications and education is concerned, that's not possible because we have to follow the rules and laws." Wangchu Sherpa, president of Nepal Climbers Association, says it is not always fair to blame the government for all the problems facing the Sherpa community. "There was no provision for compensation until a few years ago," he said. "Gradually things are improving for the Sherpas. There are provisions for compensations, education and welfare. That's a good thing." Shailee Basnet, a member of Nepal's all-women expedition team called Seven Summits Women Team, thinks emotions are too raw now. "The Sherpas will go back to Everest again next year," she said. "That's why the government and the climbing operators must ensure the technical, social and economic safety of the Sherpa climbers." Ang Tshering, president of the NMA, told the BBC he welcomed the government's efforts, and said his organisation had decided to set up a separate trust worth $100,000 (£60,000) for the bereaved families. But he said the association was calling for the insurance package for Sherpa climbers to be increased to $2m (£1.2m). Since the 1960s, Nepal's Sherpa community has increasingly received support from international groups. New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary, who became the first man to reach the summit of Everest in 1953 along with Sherpa Tenzing Norgay, founded the Himalayan Trust in 1960, which helped to build airstrips, schools and hospitals in the Everest region. Since then other charitable individuals and organisations have followed suit. International climbers have continued to show warmth and support since last month's avalanche. Japanese climber Ken Noguchi gave $100,000 (£60,000) towards the education and welfare of the deceased Sherpas' families. "It's very sad that the Sherpas went to the extent of boycotting climbing expeditions this year," Mr Noguchi told the BBC. "It probably reflects their long pent up anger and resentment. "It's good to see the government and the mountaineering association extending support to them.... Such incidents shouldn't happen in the future."
It follows proposals put forward last year in a review for an overhaul of police pay, conditions and allowances. The Police Federation says it is "disappointed" by the announcement. What are the key changes? The recommendations of the mammoth two-part Winsor Review of police pay had one simple aim: to stop paying police officers for the time they have served and start paying them for their skills and the challenges they face. In other words - the days of paying an officer more just because he had done 28 years would go. The first part of the review said police were being paid under a system that had been devised for a world that no longer existed. Forces have shifted resources increasingly into specialised units. That's because (broadly speaking) expert teams - be they officers working on burglary intelligence or those who deal with child abuse - should be able to amass the knowledge needed to solve more crimes more quickly. Winsor said that reforming pay and conditions would help chiefs to focus resources where they were needed, while preventing some officers from seeking out the easiest of posts. The second part of the review called for chiefs to be able to make officers redundant - a fundamental shift in the employment protection enjoyed by sworn officers. it also called for physical fitness tests and direct entry into senior ranks for recruits with relevant outside experience - be it military or business management skills. He also wanted accelerated promotion to inspector for the best recruits, to encourage more top graduates into policing. Police pay is set through a national negotiating board - and disputes go to a arbitration tribunal. There were a number of sticking points during the negotiations: The government said that pay needed to be based on skills and how they were used, rather than number of years served. It said forces needed this flexibility because of the different challenges each area of the country faced. Although forces were broadly on track to make spending cuts of up to 20% by March 2015, that was not guaranteed. Starting salaries will be cut by up to £4,259 from April, making the starting salary £19,000. This salary will be given to those with the least or no relevant experience - such as those who join at 18. But some recruits will start on £22,000 if they have some experience, such as time spent as a special constable. The change in starting salaries will save an estimated £140m over five years. But the deal also means that many constables will have the opportunity to move to the top of the pay scale -  currently around £36,000 - more quickly, . The Police Federation which represents rank-and-file officers says this cut in starting salary fails to reflect the dangers inherent in the job and that police constables have lost out because of an unfair comparison between their jobs and those of other public sector workers. From April, chief constables will have discretion over whether to pay officers regional allowances. Currently, all officers in the Metropolitan and City of London police get a "London allowance" which amounts to an extra £4,338. Officers in other forces in south-east England get an extra payment of between £1,000 and £3,000. But in the future it will be up to the chiefs of those forces whether to continue paying that. An additional allowance in the capital, known as "London weighting" stays. All officers from constable to chief inspector can apply for a special payment of £1,212 when they reach the top of the pay grade. The idea was that it would act as an incentive for officers at the top of their scales to carry on working hard. This payment for the lower ranks was introduced following a deal to give bonuses to police chiefs. But nine out of 10 eligible officers receive the payment. Critics say that means the payment has in effect become a rise for time served. From April, CRTP will be phased out, saving an estimated £73m in the first year. Constables can't be made redundant. The Winsor Review called for chief constables to be able to get rid of officers to help them make sure they have the right mix of officers and other staff. This is a highly controversial area and negotiations will continue. The Home Office has decided that there should be direct entry into some of the higher echelons of the police, rather than forcing every recruit to go through the same lengthy career that begins with being a constable. The idea is to encourage more, older, people from a range of backgrounds into the police, particularly high-flying graduates. The Home Office will start a consultation soon on how direct entry will work.
While opinion is divided, Mrs Clinton is largely thought to have come out on top in Sunday's debate in St Louis. But columnists raised the issue of her failure to tackle Mr Trump effectively, allowing him to "exceed expectations". "The smiling Hillary we saw throughout the first debate on Long Island? She didn't make the trip west." Fox News concludes that Mr Trump managed to pull off a surprising performance, although the news channel does not explicitly state that the Republican candidate won the debate. The conservative network says he performed well, pivoting and manoeuvring through questions, allowing him to save his presidential hopes. Political analyst William Whelan said the night fell into the hands of Mr Trump. He said the Republican defended his record and unlike the first debate, when he was often blown off course by the former secretary of state and "torpedoed by his own badgering performance", he improved as the night went on. Mr Trump's decision to launch a blistering attack against Hillary Clinton and her husband is described by Fox as the equivalent of "Hillary dropping Alicia Machado on Trump" in the previous debate. That was the line used by Breitbart news, which is in a minority in handing the title to Mr Trump. In a leading story quoting comments from former mayor of New York City, Rudy Giuliani, it reports that Mrs Clinton was "pounded on bad decisions". It refers to accusations from Mr Trump that Mrs Clinton and the Democratic Party helped "create the vacuum in the Middle East" that allowed so-called Islamic State to form. The hard-right news website, whose executive chairman Stephen Bannon was appointed Mr Trump's campaign chief in August, is running its own readers' poll, the results of which have yet to be announced. The site also highlights support from Republican vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence, who said in a tweet that he was proud of Mr Trump and congratulated him on "a big debate win", while ending it with a shortened form of Mr Trump's 'Make America Great Again' slogan. "All Hillary Clinton had to do was remain upright for 90 minutes." The Washington Post's verdict is that the debate highlighted an "increasingly isolated" Mr Trump during an "unusually dark and bitter face-off". Over the past year, the newspaper has been at the forefront of investigations into Mr Trump, and has published several editorials condemning the candidate. On the news site's Right Turn blog, Jennifer Rubin says Mrs Clinton had very little to do in order to go "the last little way in wrapping up the election". She writes that Mrs Clinton handled the audience well when answering questions, adding that the former secretary of state effectively won the debate early on by "simply keeping her cool". Issues ranging from Mr Trump's tax payments to his foreign policy have, according to the Post, given Mrs Clinton plenty of material for a new raft of political ads. In a separate piece for the Post, opinion writer Eugene Joseph Dionne Jr writes that Mr Trump's "petulant" and "boorish" approach on the night was an indication of "a man aware that his campaign was at the edge of extinction". "It took the nastiest, most bitterly personal presidential debate in recent memory for the Republican nominee to stanch the downward plunge" - so writes Stephen Collinson for CNN. He says that Mr Trump will live to fight another day "after throwing out a battery of vicious counter punches", while US politics "changed in the course of one nasty night". Meanwhile a CNN/ORC poll of debate watchers handed Sunday's victory to Mrs Clinton. But the results also showed that Mr Trump managed to exceed expectations. Mrs Clinton took the win with 57% of the vote, the poll says, while Mr Trump managed to achieve 34%. The result could be considered a disappointment for Mrs Clinton, who scored 62% in the first presidential debate. The Atlantic, which endorsed Mrs Clinton last week, suggests that Mr Trump suffered an "implosion" in St Louis on Sunday. Ron Fournier, whose coverage of US politics dates back to the days of Bill Clinton, writes that Mrs Clinton did about as well as anyone could while dealing with a "barking" opponent and "pouting menace". Mr Fournier said that throughout the debate the controversial Republican "failed to patch together his collapsing campaign". The website suggests that Mrs Clinton perfectly handled Mr Trump's comment about "instructing my attorney general to get a special prosecutor" to look into allegations that she deleted thousands of emails in violation of a congressional subpoena. Mrs Clinton laughed and said it was a good thing "somebody with Donald Trump's temperament" doesn't have such power. "Nothing hurts a bully like somebody laughing at him," the column says.
Emergency services were called to the line near Stanford-le-Hope, Essex, at about 21:30 GMT on Monday. A tow truck had to be called to remove the car, which was stuck on the track. No one was trapped or badly hurt. The 18-year-old driver was arrested at the scene on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, driving without insurance and careless driving. Train operator c2c apologised for delays to passengers. It said services were disrupted for about three hours while the car was removed and Network Rail engineers examined the track and repaired the fence.
Shaun McKerry tried to rob Shildon Post Office in County Durham on 15 March. CCTV showed the 31-year-old threatening staff with the axe before shopkeeper Sab Dhillon tackled him to the floor and restrained him. Durham Crown Court heard McKerry, of Coundon, near Bishop Auckland, had earlier admitted attempted robbery. McKerry, whose face was hidden by a scarf and hood, brandished the weapon as he ordered shop assistant Andrea Brighty to fill a bag with money from the till, the court heard. But Mr Dhillon ran from a back office, grabbed McKerry from behind and wrestled him to the floor. The court heard McKerry, dubbed Boomerang Boy because of his repeated spells in prison, had been arrested more than 80 times. He was told he must serve an extended four-year licence period after he is released. The court was told McKerry started shoplifting at the age of 12 and by 15 he had been arrested 80 times, and had convictions for aggravated vehicle-taking, sending indecent letters, and burglary. McKerry once stole 22 charity boxes while dressed as a woman, and locals dubbed him a one-man crime wave. Dramatic CCTV footage from the shop showed the masked McKerry waving an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty. But he did not see Mr Dhillon's rugby tackle, which dropped him to the floor, sending shelves and produce tumbling. As the men wrestled, and with McKerry still holding the axe, Mr Dhillon's wife Sam helped, hitting him twice with a baseball bat to make him drop the weapon. Blood can be seen coming from the would-be robber's nose and Mr Dhillon gestured to his wife to drop the bat. Minutes later the police arrived and arrested McKerry, who, the court heard, had been arrested more than 80 times and had 64 previous convictions. Speaking to BBC Tees shortly after the raid, Mr Dhillon said: "I was in the back storeroom on the computer and I heard Andrea, who was behind the counter shouting 'no, no, no'. "I saw a guy waiving an axe at her. I came up behind him and pulled him away from Andrea and the counter. We struggled, fell on the floor. "I managed to keep hold of him and get the axe off him and hold him there until the police arrived." During his summing up in court, Judge Christopher Prince described Mr Dhillion's actions as a "conspicuous display of bravery." The court was told McKerry's history of offending also included burglary, assaulting a police officer, attempted robbery and criminal damage.
Haki Africa said the figure could be higher but some families were reluctant to come forward for fear of victimisation by state security agents. The police oversight body said 52 officers were on trial in connection with such killings countrywide. The coastal region has suffered several terror attacks in recent years. The Somali Islamist militant al-Shabab group has been targeting Kenya over the deployment of Kenyan forces to Somalia. Most of the victims were youths including returnees from Somalia who had surrendered after the government promised them amnesty, Haki Africa's report said. Others were allegedly killed as a result of excessive use of force during police crackdowns on protests and other religious groups that had been accused of radicalising young people. Saada Suleiman, who attended the report's launch in the capital, Nairobi, said her husband had been missing for two years since his arrest in a raid on Masjid Musa mosque in Mombasa known for its radical sermons. Haki Africa Executive Director Hussein Khalid said some of those killed were terror suspects, including several radical Muslim clerics, but this was no excuse for the state to execute them without due process. The BBC's Abdinoor Aden in the capital, Nairobi, says officers from the anti-terror unit have been heavily implicated in the report. Murshid Nassir, who heads the National Police Service Commission which vets officers, told the BBC that so-called "death squads" did not exist within the force and extrajudicial killings were not condoned. While the chairman of the Independent Policing Oversight Authority promised to take action against officers found guilty of engaging in the killings. Macharia Njeru said 52 officers had been charged and more than 300 officers were being probed for gross human rights violations.
The top places are invariably filled with the US and UK academic powerhouses. And then coming up fast are the ambitious Asian universities. But what about the French, with their centuries of scholarship and ancient institutions? There was a university in Paris before Oxford or Cambridge. French universities are conspicuous by their absence. In the most recent QS World University Rankings there were none in the top 20 and only two in the top 100. That could all change from next year. As part of a huge government-driven academic and economic project, there will be a new university called Paris-Saclay, with a campus south of the French capital. The project has initial funding of 7.5bn euros (Â£5.9bn) for an endowment, buildings and transport links. The French government is bringing together 19 institutions into a single structure, with the aim of building a university big enough to compete with global giants like Harvard or the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Dominique Vernay, the president of this new university, says that within a decade he wants Paris-Saclay to be among the top ranking world universities. "My goal is to be a top 10 institution," he says. In Europe, he wants Paris-Saclay to be in the "top two or three". In university rankings, big is beautiful, and the Paris-Saclay will have 70,000 students and 10,000 researchers. There will be an emphasis on graduate courses and recruiting more international students and staff. More stories from the BBC's Knowledge economy series looking at education from a global perspective and how to get in touch The idea of bringing together individual colleges into a "federal university" has been borrowed from the UK. "Our model isn't that far from the Oxbridge model," he says. To put it into scale, Mr Vernay says Paris-Saclay is going to be twice the size of the University of California, Berkeley, one of the flagships of the US university system. Without any extra investment, he says that the existing component parts of the university will put Paris-Saclay straight into the top 20 of the Shanghai global university rankings. It will inherit staff with Nobel Prizes and some very well-established founding partners, including the Ecole Polytechnique, the HEC Paris business school and the National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS). Getting into the top end of the league tables is not the purpose of the investment, he says. But it would be an important indicator of how France can create a much more concentrated and globally competitive research base. The big idea is to create a "knowledge hub" around Paris, bringing together top-level universities with research institutes, hi-tech businesses and start-ups. The classic example of such a project would be Silicon Valley in California where Stanford University has been the launchpad for firms such as Google and Hewlett Packard. Boston would be seen as another such hi-tech cluster, with Harvard and MIT feeding ideas into technology firms. In London, Imperial College and University College London are planning expansions to tap into this drive for innovation. But in this industrial geography of the internet age, with the emergence of these academic-industrial complexes, Paris has been falling behind. "The essence of the plan is that we are missing growth in France. It's not the big companies, what we're missing is the new technology, those small companies that grow very fast and become new players," said Mr Vernay. "We need to strengthen the links with industry, strengthen our ability to launch start-ups." The president says that the Paris-Saclay project should be seen as part of the next great historic wave of French higher education. The grand ecole that produced the scientists and administrators for Napoleon's empire were very successful specialist institutions. And investment after World War Two supported more research in specialist areas, such as nuclear power. But Mr Vernay says they have been too small, too disparate and lacking in co-ordination to compete in the modern, globalised economy. He likens it to a "French garden", with different types of flowers growing in splendid isolation. "There is a very fragmented landscape. We want to re-group institutions so that they can run as a single organisation, in terms of strategy, research and training." Another barrier to overcome has been the past reluctance to use anything except the French language. The common language of higher education, particularly in the sciences, has increasingly become English. "I am very pragmatic," he says. That now means that Paris-Saclay will be offering master's courses fully taught in English as well as French. "It's not only allowed, it's now encouraged to teach in English." From next year, degrees from the constituent colleges will begin to be awarded by Paris-Saclay. Preparing the 1,300-acre campus, he says is like organising the building of a town. The Paris metro is being extended, linking the university with the city and Orly airport. In some ways it's a very French response to globalisation. Paris-Saclay will be part of a chain of centrally planned, academic "grand projets", fast-tracking research in the way that a generation ago France was building high-speed railways or the monumental architectural projects in Paris. The ambition is about safeguarding an uncertain future for France. "We want to give something back to our country. We are in an economic war," says Mr Vernay.
Mr Schleicher, who runs the tests, says the high results of deprived pupils in some Asian countries shows what poor pupils in the UK could achieve. The most disadvantaged pupils in Shanghai match the maths test results of wealthy pupils in the UK. Mr Schleicher says it "debunks the myth that poverty is destiny". On Monday, Education Secretary Michael Gove said individual schools in England should take Pisa tests, so that they could compare themselves against international standards. The latest Pisa - Programme for International Student Assessment - test results were published last year by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, ranking developed countries in terms of how well 15-year-olds performed in tests in reading, maths and science. Source: OECD This showed the UK as a middle-ranking country, with Asian school systems, such as in Singapore, South Korea and Shanghai and Hong Kong in China, as the highest performers. But Mr Schleicher's latest analysis compares the performance of the most deprived 10% of pupils. This reveals how the poorest in many countries overlap with the results of the wealthy in other countries. The poorest 10% of pupils in Shanghai are as good as the most privileged 20% of teenagers taking the test in the UK and the United States. In Europe, the Netherlands has the highest-performing pupils from the poorest families. Poor pupils in the Netherlands are as good at maths as much better-off teenagers in France. The poorest 10% of pupils in Hong Kong scored at a higher level than the wealthiest in Sweden and Norway. The very lowest performers among this group were in the Slovak Republic. Mr Schleicher says it shows how academic differences attributed to social background should not be unquestioningly tolerated. "We tend to overestimate the impact of poverty," he says . There was also a challenge to the idea that the UK has an unusually poor record on social mobility. Dr John Jerrim at the Institute of Education published a study suggesting that in international terms the UK was mid-ranking in the link between family background and future employment opportunities - 17th out of 34 developed countries. There was greater equity in Scandinavia and some European countries, including Germany and the Netherlands. But Dr Jerrim said social mobility in the UK was not dissimilar to France, Spain and Italy - and the UK's record was better than some central and eastern European countries. "Policymakers often state that the relationship between family background and labour market earnings is stronger in the UK than most other countries," he said. "It is not true that we stand out compared to the rest of world. Policymakers should avoid making such exaggerated claims when discussing this politically sensitive issue."
With the Windies chasing 261, pace bowler Perry took a wicket in each of her first three overs to reduce the Caribbean side to 41-3. Merissa Aguilleira and Deandra Dottin briefly threatened some fireworks, but after both fell to Lisa Sthalekar, West Indies limped to 145 all out. Rachael Haynes (52) and Jess Cameron (75) had earlier made half-centuries for the Aussies, with some late-order hitting from Perry and Jodie Fields taking them to 259-7. By contributing with the bat and then starring with the ball, Perry made a dramatic return to the Southern Stars' line-up after three games out with an ankle injury. The last of those was an eight-run defeat by West Indies, their first win over Australia and the result that sealed their place in a maiden final. Because of that victory, Windies skipper Aguilleira said her side had a "psychological advantage" over the team that had lifted the trophy on five previous occasions. But Australia were too clinical for a West Indies side that were sloppy in the field, wayward with the ball and unable to keep up with the run chase. In reclaiming the trophy they last won in 2005, Australia add to the World Twenty20 they won in October and the Ashes they will try to defend in England in August. It is the first time they have held all three of women's cricket's major titles simultaneously. Only once in the match were they under pressure, as four wickets fell for 28 runs around the batting powerplay. "If an emerging sport needs a star to help raise its profile, then women's cricket has struck gold with Ellyse Perry. An international in both cricket and football, the 22-year-old also somehow manages to find time to present shows on radio and television as well as studying for an economics and social sciences degree." Read the rest of our feature Before that, Haynes, who added 52 for the first wicket with Meg Lanning, shared a second-wicket stand of 64 with Cameron. With fielding mistakes and ill-disciplined bowling hampering the Windies, powerful right-hander Cameron played some particularly eye-catching strokes, going past 50 with two sixes in one Tremayne Smartt over. By this point, Haynes had been well held by Kyshona Knight, running back at mid-wicket to give impressive leg-spinner Shaquana Quintyne her first wicket, and Alex Blackwell had fallen cheaply to Smartt. Cameron dominated a fourth-wicket partnership of 55 with Sthalekar but, when Cameron slapped a Shanel Daley full toss to deep mid-wicket, Australia lost their way. With the bowlers finally able to gain some control, Sthalekar, Sarah Coyte and Erin Osborne all found ways to hole out to West Indies fielders. However, from 209-7 Fields and Perry combined to add 50 exactly, Perry hitting a maximum over long on and skipper Fields improvising with sweeps and pulls. The Windies batters were always likely to have to deal with movement in the Mumbai night, but openers Natasha Mclean and Kycia Knight looked comfortable until the introduction of Perry. With no small sense of theatre, the right-armer twice aborted attempts to bowl her first delivery before trapping Knight lbw with a delivery that would have missed the left-hander's off stump. Limping between overs, Perry then had the dangerous Stefanie Taylor caught and bowled, pinned McLean plumb in front and finished with figures of 3-19. Media playback is not supported on this device After Knight retired because of a quad injury, Aguilleira and Dottin counter-attacked, the former sweeping Osborne into the stands and the latter twice taking Coyte over the leg side. But both were bowled as Sthalekar found turn with her off-breaks, the wicket of Dottin effectively ending the contest. Sthalekar wrapped the match up when she took a spectacular one-handed catch at short mid-wicket to dismiss Smartt off the bowling of Julie Hunter. Megan Schutt finished with figures of 2-38 as she passed England's Anya Shrubsole as the highest wicket-taker in the tournament with 15.
The FA plans to introduce what it calls "temporary dismissals" in England's step seven - six tiers below the National League - and the leagues below. They will only apply to yellow cards shown for dissent, and will see players leave the field for 10 minutes. It will also be tested in Sunday League and male and female youth football. More than 1,000 clubs received emails over the weekend asking if they were willing to be part of the pilot process. "There has already been a positive response with over 60 leagues in support of it," an FA spokesperson said. Clubs are normally charged a £10 fine for each yellow card but the FA will not be charging this administration fee for those that participate. Step seven is the bottom level of English football's National League System, which feeds into the country's professional leagues. The highest league within that structure - step one - is the National League. The move has been backed by teenage Sunday League referee Ryan Hampson, who earlier this year organised a nationwide strike by officials in protest at the amount of abuse they face in the grassroots game. "There's obviously a lot more to be done but it's a step in the right direction and a great start," he told BBC Radio 5 live.
Luck was shining on Public Service Broadcasting when they came to writing the follow up to their 2013 debut album Inform-Educate-Entertain. The band had previously worked with the British Film Institute in sourcing archive recordings to sample, and they turned to BFI again in their hunt for material from the Cold War space race. "At the time I called them up to ask them if they had any space footage they'd only just inherited it from another collection," said J Willgoose. "One of my biggest concerns about writing this album was about finding the material for the Soviet missions. "It was an incredible stroke of luck that the BFI happened to come across these films just as I started asking after them." A fan of space exploration, Willgoose was familiar with the battles between the USA and USSR to beat one another to historic firsts. The Soviets got the first satellite into space in the 1950s and the first man in the 1960s, while the Nasa's Apollo missions put the first men on the Moon. But Willgoose was still surprised by what was in the BFI's newly-acquired collection. He said: "Most of the Soviet stuff was new to me - even now it's hard to find a great deal of good quality literature or footage of their missions because their space programme was shrouded in such secrecy. "A good deal of the material from the Apollo missions I hadn't heard before - I really went very deep into the mission logs and dug out stuff that I hadn't heard of before. "The public relations feed for the Apollo 8 lunar orbit was one of my favourite pieces of audio for the whole album." One of the tracks on the new album - The Race for Space - is dedicated to cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin, the first man in space. However, in a strange twist the music ended up evoking an American theme. Willgoose said: "I'd had this guitar riff lying around for a couple of years as I'd tried to use it on another song and it hadn't worked, and it was always at the back of my mind because I really liked it. "Then when it came to matching up musical ideas that I'd had with likely topics for the album, and having watched the footage of Gagarin's reception on returning to Earth, it seemed to make sense to me in quite an attractively odd and incongruous way. "It seemed like a strange song to write about him, and a very non-literal one, which appealed to me. "We treat the source material in different ways on different songs across the album but I loved the idea of making him a pseudo-70s cop show soundtrack and trying to capture some of the exuberance and euphoria I saw on film. "The original riff ended up being almost totally re-written in the process, and then the brass came on board, so it moved on quite a lot from the original germ of an idea." PSB first worked with BFI on 2012's five-track EP The War Room. The record was based on a series of old propaganda films and archive material. The EP was dedicated to a great uncle of Willgoose who died at Dunkirk in May 1940. The musician still plays the 26 year old World War Two soldier's banjolele. Willgoose does not rule out working BFI again. He said: "We've had such a great experience working with them, and they've been so accommodating and supportive, that I'd like to say yes - but it kind of depends on them. "I think they're happy with what we've done with their material so I hope we can work on the next release together." PSB had hoped to work on their new album in a space of the terrestrial wide open variety. Following gigs on Mull, Skye, Lewis and Ullapool's Loopallu festival, Willgoose had an idea to "escape into the wilds". "I've been to Loopallu festival a couple of times now," he said. "I think Ullapool is one of the most beautiful places I know, let alone in the UK. It feels like such an escape from London. "I'd love to spend more time up there and actually try and let the landscape get into the music a bit more. "I had loads of grand plans for going off into the wilds to write the second album, but we were under such time pressure in and amongst our international touring that I ended up doing it from a south-east London garage instead. "Maybe next time," he added.
On 30 June, the trust reported a year to-date deficit of Â£738,000 compared to a planned shortfall of Â£125,000. Monitor said the trust's "finances will continue to deteriorate" and is yet to decide on whether further regulatory action is needed. The BCPFT said its finances were its "biggest challenge". Karen Dowman, chief executive of the trust, said: "We have already started a programme of activity to identify cost-savings and improve our financial sustainability, and to put in place safeguarding checks to ensure efficiencies do not compromise care." Marianne Loynes, regional director at Monitor, said: "No decision has been taken about whether further regulatory action is required and an announcement about the outcome of the investigation will be made in due course." The trust provides mental health, learning disability and community healthcare services across Sandwell, Dudley, Walsall and Wolverhampton.
Every year about 76 people aged between 14-25 are diagnosed with cancer. Figures from the NI Cancer Registry reveal there is a higher diagnosis rate among young people in Northern Ireland compared to the rest of the UK. Five charities have come together to provide a new service that includes five new nursing posts, one in each health trust. There are also social workers and community workers to guide young people at home, school and work. The service aims to ensure young people have equal clinical and psychological support for their medical and social needs no matter where they live. Figures also reveal that the amount of miles that local families, seeking support, clock up is the second highest compared to their counterparts elsewhere. Up until now, the service has been confined to the Belfast Cancer Centre and The Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children. Bridging that gap means the service will now be available in four hospitals including Belfast, Craigavon, Altnagelvin, Ulster and Antrim Area. That means fewer families will have to make the average 100 mile round trip to get treatment in Belfast. Leona McManus, 22, was diagnosed with ovarian cancer last year. "Travelling while undergoing treatment is hard. You are tired, sick, often in pain. I had to travel from Limavady to Belfast. "This new service means I can go to Altnagelvin - young people will also have a nurse, even a community worker. Every little helps when living with cancer." James Doggart was 18 when he was diagnosed with bowel cancer. The cancer spread to other organs, but 18 months in remission he is now looking forward to celebrating his 21st birthday on Friday. "When first diagnosed I was told I would probably die. It was a lonely time. I was being treated alongside older men," he said. "There wasn't the support for a teenager. I had to leave university, my friends were all moving on - I just wanted to speak to someone at my own level. This service will now provide that. It's good." Darren McKinley is the Teenage and Young Adults Project Manager with the Northern Ireland Cancer Network. "This means teenagers and young adults with cancer can now access the best possible outcomes and have access to age-appropriate services targeting their needs, their language, their lives," he said. Dr Anthony McCarthy, a consultant paediatric oncologist at the Royal Belfast Hospital said the new regional service would provide the specialism that young people require when living with cancer. "When cancer comes it's like a bolt out of the blue. Young people aren't expecting a cancer diagnosis. Their treatment does need to be different. "It is a distinct specialism in the treatment of cancer. The aim of the regional service is to reduce mortality rates and to provide support for patients and their families." Dr McCarthy said as more people are surviving, the service will need to grow, and that means they will need the financial support from the Department of Health.
The Twilight star is one of 12 female creatives making films for women-focused media company Refinery29. Fellow actresses Gabourey Sidibe and Chloe Sevigny will join Stewart under the umbrella of Refinery29's ShatterBox Anthology. Oscar nominee Sidibe will direct her own short film titled A Tale of Four Women, according to Variety. Meanwhile, Sevigny's Kitty, the first film of the anthology, will premiere at Cannes Film Festival later this month. Speaking during Refinery29's presentation at the Digital Content NewFronts event in New York, Sidibe said it was important to tell a story through her own voice. She said: "[In my acting career] everything I do, my image and who I am and what I feel represents me is in the hands of a man, usually a white man... I realised very recently that I want to be the one that decides what image I show the public." It was also announced that Ugly Betty star America Ferrera will produce a multimedia project titled Behind the Headlines, and a documentary series titled Only Girl.
The striker, on loan from Aberdeen, latched onto Scott Fraser's pass for the opener and grabbed his second with a high-class solo run and smart finish. He dispatched a penalty for his treble by the 30th minute and United could have had several more by half-time. Sean Welsh's penalty gave Thistle hope but United saw out the win comfortably. The hosts were sluggish in the first half of their Championship opener against Queen of the South on Saturday but there was nothing to fault the way they started this tie. United had too much pace and ingenuity for their top-flight opponents,  the outstanding Scott Fraser and Tope Obadeyi causing havoc with their movement. Obadeyi, twice, and Blair Spittal might have added further goals by the interval but United boss Ray McKinnon manager must have been happy with the three they did score. Smith showed the benefit of a regular start on loan, taking his goal tally to four for the Terrors, the same number he scored in nearly 90 appearances for Aberdeen, though a high percentage of those outings were as a substitute. His first was a sublime finish, gathering a delicious Fraser pass, controlling the ball then steering it behind Ryan Scully. For his second, Smith picked up possession just inside the Thistle half, run away from Callum Booth then held off the defender to score when he got back to him in the box. The 20-year-old completed his hat trick with a penalty struck straight down the middle after Ziggy Gordon blocked Blair Spittal's shot with an arm. Thistle were given a glimpse of a way back from a penalty of their own when Chris Erskine was pushed over by Mark Durnan and Welsh scored with 25 minutes left, but United's defence held firm. United boss Ray McKinnon: "We played some very good football in the first half, especially the forward play, and when the penalty was given against us in the second, I was really pleased with how we reacted.  We showed some resilience. "Some of the link-up play and finishing was pretty special. Cammy's composure and movement for the goals was outstanding, he has done really well since coming in on loan. I am delighted for him. "There were huge positives all over. Young left-back Jamie Robson was outstanding, Scott Fraser was outstanding, Blair Spittal was excellent and Tope Obadeyi playing as a lone striker was fantastic." United hat-trick hero Cammy Smith: "The standard has been set after that. We looked dangerous every time we went forward and could have had a few more goals, but we have to be happy with our night's work.  It is a great victory for us. "It wasn't like [Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes] was pushing me out the door. We had a few chats and thought going out on loan would be best for my development. I am here to play games and long may it continue." Thistle boss Alan Archibald: "It was awful right from kick-off - a really poor performance.  I didn't see that coming. "It was the total opposite of the weekend win [2-0] against Caley Thistle when our keeper didn't have a serious save to make. We were unrecognisable and I feel sorry for our fans that have paid good money to travel here. "We stood off United from the kick off, made poor decisions right across the pitch and guys who are usually our leaders didn't do it tonight. Nobody got pass marks across the board. Everyone including myself has to look themselves in the mirror." Match ends, Dundee United 3, Partick Thistle 1. Second Half ends, Dundee United 3, Partick Thistle 1. Coll Donaldson (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Adebayo Azeez (Partick Thistle). Foul by Stewart Murdoch (Dundee United). Adebayo Azeez (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Blair Spittal (Dundee United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Coll Donaldson (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Mathias Pogba (Partick Thistle). Ryan Edwards (Partick Thistle) is shown the yellow card. Mark Durnan (Dundee United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Ryan Edwards (Partick Thistle). Substitution, Dundee United. Charlie Telfer replaces Scott Fraser because of an injury. Attempt missed. Ryan Edwards (Partick Thistle) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Attempt saved. Simon Murray (Dundee United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Foul by Scott Fraser (Dundee United). Steven Lawless (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Willo Flood (Dundee United) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Substitution, Dundee United. Simon Murray replaces Cameron Smith. Substitution, Partick Thistle. Mathias Pogba replaces Kris Doolan. Corner,  Dundee United. Conceded by Ziggy Gordon. Corner,  Partick Thistle. Conceded by Jamie Robson. Substitution, Dundee United. Sean Dillon replaces Lewis Toshney because of an injury. Foul by Coll Donaldson (Dundee United). (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Callum Booth (Partick Thistle) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Tope Obadeyi (Dundee United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Abdul Osman (Partick Thistle). Willo Flood (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ryan Edwards (Partick Thistle). Attempt saved. Kris Doolan (Partick Thistle) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Danny Devine (Partick Thistle) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Scott Fraser (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Danny Devine (Partick Thistle). Goal!  Dundee United 3, Partick Thistle 1. Sean Welsh (Partick Thistle) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal. Coll Donaldson (Dundee United) is shown the yellow card. Penalty conceded by Lewis Toshney (Dundee United) after a foul in the penalty area. Penalty Partick Thistle. Chris Erskine draws a foul in the penalty area. Willo Flood (Dundee United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Willo Flood (Dundee United).
It will consider the deployment of police officers in undercover roles by police forces in England and Wales. It comes after controversy surrounding the conduct of undercover officers. Meanwhile, a separate review into the relationship between the Home Office and the SDS says a key file is missing. The inquiry announced on Thursday will also make recommendations about how undercover policing is conducted and will scrutinise the use of undercover officers by the now-defunct SDS and National Public Order Intelligence Unit. Among the allegations are that undercover officers took fake identities from dead children, had relationships with campaigners and fathered children. Mrs May said that the work of barrister Mark Ellison and Operation Herne - an investigation into undercover policing at the Metropolitan Police - has unearthed "serious historical failings" in undercover policing practices. Mr Ellison - who in 2012 successfully prosecuted Gary Dobson and David Norris for the murder of teenager Stephen Lawrence - has been examining police corruption during the original investigation into the killing in 1993. She added: "As I said last year, I was profoundly shocked by Mark Ellison's findings and committed to establishing a public inquiry to thoroughly investigate undercover policing and the operation of the SDS. "While I initially said that Mark Ellison's further work and criminal investigations needed to conclude before the inquiry commences, it has become apparent that these pieces of work were much larger than initially envisaged. "In the interest of learning the lessons of past failures, I have decided to establish the inquiry now while ensuring existing work is not affected. "Undercover policing is an essential tactic in the fight against crime but to improve the public's confidence in undercover work we must ensure there is no repeat of these failings in the future." This latest inquiry will be led by judge Lord Justice Pitchford. Mrs May had announced her intention to set up a judge-led public inquiry following the report of the independent Ellison Inquiry in March last year. That had found Scotland Yard spied on Stephen Lawrence's family. And Operation Herne found that the SDS had carried out undercover operations to gather information on 18 justice campaigns over 35 years. This included the campaign regarding Jean Charles de Menezes, shot by police after being mistaken for a terrorist in the days following the London Underground bombings in 2005. The SDS was set up in 1968 to infiltrate pressure groups and remained operational until 2008. It has been the focus of controversy over claims that some undercover officers had sexual relationships and fathered children with campaigners, to help build trust in their false identities. Chief Constable Mick Creedon of the Association of Chief Police Officers said: "Undercover policing is a vital police tactic has saved lives, protected victims and brought dangerous criminals to justice." He also said that the public inquiry would help make sure that the "unacceptable behaviour of some officers in the past never happens again". "Changes have already been made to the authorisation and management of these operations. "New training and guidance for undercover officers guidance developed with the College of Policing reinforces the need for them to meet the highest ethical standards." The allegations about the SDS include that its officers worked to discover information about the Lawrence family, which could be used to smear them following Stephen Lawrence's death. His father, Neville, said he would like to be fully involved in the inquiry. He added: "I've always felt that my family were under greater investigation than those guilty of killing my beloved Stephen and so it is only natural to want to discover what was really going on." Jules Carey, of Bindmans solicitors, which represents the woman known as "Jacqui" who had a child with an undercover officer, said: "For the inquiry to fulfil its purpose of restoring public confidence it will be vital to ensure that there is proper consultation with all interested parties in the framing of the terms of reference for the inquiry." She also said that the inquiry must be "conducted in an open manner that allows those affected by spying to question the undercover officers and those who responsible for their deployment". Meanwhile, Mrs May has also published an independent review of the Home Office's knowledge of SDS activities, commissioned in March last year and conducted by Stephen Taylor, former director at the Audit Commission. Mr Taylor said it was not possible to say if a missing file regarding SDS, which would have included documents classified as "secret" and "top secret", was due to "human error or deliberate concealment". Mr Taylor also said that "given the absence of documents and the passage of time" he could not rule out the possibility that "an individual or individuals within the Home Office" may have been aware of:
"I said no to the last one and then ended up doing it, and was pilloried by all my friends," he said. "But I do think this is probably it." Mendes directed 2012's Skyfall and the forthcoming Bond film, titled Spectre. "I don't think I could go down that road again," he said. "You do have to put everything else on hold." Spectre, in which Daniel Craig will make his fourth appearance as the MI6 agent, will come out on 26 October in the UK and 6 November in the US. Spectre and Skyfall took a total of five years to make, he told BBC Radio's Test Match Special. "It feels almost, even though we've just finished shooting it, like one big experience and it was a fantastic life-changing thing," he said. But he added he did not think he could go through it again. "It really is more a lifestyle choice than a job," he said. Mendes made his name in theatre, and directed a new stage production of Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory in between making the Bond films. But shooting a Bond movie is "pretty much all encompassing", he explained. "I'm happiest rehearsing a play or editing a movie, and when I've finished editing a movie I generally want to be back in a theatre environment again," he said. "It feels like home, it feels controllable after the chaos of a movie set. But it won't be long before I want to do another film, and I'm very fortunate to be able to go back and forth between the two." Spectre has been filmed in locations including London, Mexico, Italy and Morocco, and the cast and crew totalled more than 1,000 people, Mendes revealed. "And you really do feel it," he said. "This is a bigger movie than Skyfall. It's shot in more places - we were in Mexico City and Tangiers and northern Sahara and Rome and the Alps and London. It's been an enormous undertaking." Spectre also stars Christoph Waltz, Lea Seydoux, Andrew Scott, Naomie Harris, Ben Whishaw, Dave Bautista, Monica Bellucci and Ralph Fiennes. The plot involves "a cryptic message from Bond's past [that] sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organisation". Mendes revealed that the Spectre theme song was finished - but would not disclose who had recorded it. "I can say that the song's been recorded and it's fantastic and I'm very excited about it," he said. "You won't have to wait long." Skyfall made Â£700m ($1.1bn) at box offices worldwide.
A fatal foetal abnormality diagnosis means doctors believe an unborn child has a terminal condition and will die in the womb or shortly after birth. The proposal to allow abortion in such cases was defeated by 59 votes to 40. The result followed a passionate debate at Stormont after some MLAs proposed the law change be introduced by way of an amendment to the Justice Bill. Unlike other parts of the UK, the 1967 Abortion Act does not extend to Northern Ireland. Currently, a termination is only permitted in Northern Ireland if a woman's life is at risk or if there is a risk of permanent and serious damage to her mental or physical health. Politicians have been lobbied to reform the law since 2013, when Northern Ireland woman Sarah Ewart spoke out about having to travel to Great Britain for an abortion after she was told she was carrying a baby that had no chance of survival. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) faced criticism from other parties during Wednesday's debate for asking the Health Minister Simon Hamilton to set up a working group to examine the issues raised by fatal foetal abnormality. It could take six months for the group to complete its work and the Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt claimed it was a DUP "device" to delay decision making on abortion reform until after May's assembly election. Justice Minister David Ford, who brought forward the proposed change to the legislation, told Radio Ulster's The Nolan Show it could now remain in limbo for some time. "It would appear that that is what some people want, that it was any excuse at all to avoid taking a decision last night so they can fudge the issue," he said. "We will wait and see what happens to the DUP's supposed working group for the next six months. Certainly, we'll get the DUP past the election, maybe that's why they're doing it." However, the DUP has argued that the issue required proper consideration by MLAs and ministers and that the Justice Bill was not intended for this purpose. The amendment to legalise abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality was proposed by Alliance MLA Stewart Dickson. He told MLAs: "If we are to continue to fail women in Northern Ireland in this area then we are abdicating our duties as representatives. "The traumatic journey to England for many young women is becoming a shame on Northern Ireland and to force women with a fatal foetal pregnancy to look elsewhere for help and support make this worse." The amendment relating to pregnancies which are the result of rape or incest was put forward by Anna Lo, also of the Alliance Party, and was defeated by by 64 votes to 30. Mr Nesbitt said that as a man he did not feel comfortable "discussing what a woman should do with her body" but he added that MLAs had a responsibility to legislate. He claimed the DUP's request for a commission was a delaying tactic designed to "kick the decision to the far side of the election". Mr Nesbitt described the delay as "cruel" and "Dickensian". "This is Bleak House we're in today, in the Chancery courts waiting day after day, after day, after day for a decision that never comes," he said. Sinn Féin MLA Caitríona Ruane also criticised the DUP for "supporting a commission which will report in six months". "What about the plight of women in the here and now? What about the women who are pregnant as the result of rape, or women who are faced with fatal foetal abnormalities? "Is the DUP going to tell them 'we're having a commission in six months and sure, then we'll see where is goes?'  I'm sorry, long-fingering this does a disservice to women," Ms Ruane said. However, Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) MLAs expressed doubt that doctors could accurately predict that an unborn child had no chance of survival. SDLP MLA Dolores Kelly said clinicians had told her party that "there is no such definition" as fatal foetal abnormality. Speaking independently from her party, Alliance MLA Anna Lo proposed that women who have become pregnant as a result of sexual crime should have access to a legal abortion in Northern Ireland. Ms Lo said that forcing pregnant rape victims to give birth meant they would be "reminded every day of that act of violence which was forced upon her". However, Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV) leader Jim Allister described Ms Lo's amendment as a  "charter for abortion on demand". He said that because of his background as a barrister he had more experience than most MLAs of rape trials and added that "95% of the time, the question for the jury is - was the sexual intercourse consensual or not?" "All you have to do is to allege indecent assault it seems, rape, and you're entitled on the nod of a medical practitioner to abortion," he said. Mr Allister told MLAs that allegations of rape could only be proven through "due process" and this was not possible within the timeframe of pregnancy. DUP MLA Emma Pengelly spoke in support of the working group on fatal foetal abnormality. "I have not had the beautiful privilege to have brought a child into this world but I can empathise with all my heart that the wished for, the longed for, can turn so quickly to tragedy," she said. "The way forward that we are proposing is a compassionate one, it is a sensible one, it is a common sense one that will leave all of us in a much better and informed position to chart a loving and kind way forward." At the end of the debate, Assembly Speaker Mitchel McLaughlin commended MLAs on the "sense of dignity" they displayed during the discussions. Stormont's chief legal adviser, Attorney General John Larkin QC, is among those who are opposed to changing the law and has outlined concerns that the move could breach obligations under the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (UNCRPD). Precious Life, one of the largest pro life organisations in the region vowed to "expose" any MLA who voted in favour of the new legislation. Amnesty International said failing to reform the law would be a "betrayal of women", while the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission urged political action.
The warnings, which indicate a possible danger to life, have been issued around the towns of Egremont and Kendal. The north of England and parts of Wales are warned to prepare for the risk of flooding, as heavy rain approaches. There are amber warnings, meaning "be prepared", for Greater Manchester, and North and West Yorkshire. People in certain locations around Kendal and Egremont, on opposite sides of the Lake District, have been advised to move out to stay with family and friends who live in areas with lower risk of flooding. Reception centres have opened at Kendal Town Hall and West Lakes Academy. South Lakeland District Council said up to 1,000 properties could be at risk and that military personnel could be deployed to install temporary flood defences to protect vital infrastructure. The worst of the weather is expected from Saturday evening through to Sunday. In some places, a month's worth of rain has been forecast to fall in 24 hours. Falling on already saturated ground, it is likely to cause localised surface water flooding and high river levels, the Environment Agency said. The Met Office has also warned of possible flooding in parts of Scotland in the wake of Storm Abigail. Nicola Willis, from the Met Office, said high ground was likely to be most affected by heavy rain. "These areas have had a lot of rain already this week and they are already quite saturated," she said. "We are expecting the rain to be heavy and persistent, although the heaviest rain will not necessarily continue through the whole of the warning period." Cumbria was hit by severe floods in November 2009. During those incidents, Pc Bill Barker, 44, died after the bridge he was standing on collapsed in Workington, a town about 13 miles north of Egremont. Craig Woolhouse, from the Environment Agency, said it was working closely with emergency services to prepare for any problems. He added: "Our teams are already in action clearing watercourses, maintaining existing defences and standing ready to deploy temporary pumps and defences where these can be effective." The latest band of rain comes in the wake of Storm Abigail, which closed schools and brought down power lines in parts of Scotland. The Christmas lights switch-on in Bradford on Saturday was cancelled because of the weather forecast.
Two men found the victim lying on Hope Street, near to Argyle Street, at about 04:30 on Friday 19 February. The man was treated in hospital for a head injury and released. He was re-admitted at a later date and told he needed surgery for a fractured skull. The incident was reported to police on 3 March. They want to trace the two men who found the man and other witnesses. Det Con Stephen Palmer said: "A man has been left with a very serious head injury as a result of this attack and inquiries are at an early stage to establish what happened. "I would like to speak to anyone with information about this incident, particularly the two people who called an ambulance for the victim."
Media playback is not supported on this device Craig Benson finished second, with Commonwealth champion and pre-race favourite Ross Murdoch third in Glasgow. London 2012 silver medallist Michael Jamieson was fifth in what could be the final race of his career. "This means so much. It's such a great field," Willis, 25, told BBC Sport. He is the fifth swimmer to manage a Rio 2016 qualification time, following Adam Peaty, Hannah Miley, James Guy and Max Litchfield. Willis, who won in two minutes 8.08 seconds - inside the qualifying time of 2:08.52 - reached the London 2012 final and finished third behind Murdoch and Jamieson at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. "I did expect Ross to go quicker, but the strength in depth is only going to help us GB breaststrokers progress," Willis said. Murdoch remains unsure over an Olympic place, having finished second to Peaty in the 100m on Tuesday. Siobhan-Marie O'Connor warmed up for her favoured 200m individual medley event on Saturday with victory over Fran Halsall in the 100m freestyle in 54.18 secs. Two-time Olympian Lizzie Simmonds won 200m backstroke gold but her time of 2:09.24 was almost a second outside the qualifying time of 2:08.21. "I know if I get that place that I can go quicker, as I've done it in the past," she said. "I was fourth at the last Olympics, so perhaps it'll be a case of third time lucky." Freestyle specialist Guy followed up his 400m gold and Olympic place from Tuesday with victory in the 100m butterfly. He won in 52.15 secs, which, although outside the qualifying time of 51.24, he hopes will earn him a spot in the men's 4x100m medley relay team for Rio. "Last year we were fourth [at the World Championships] and we hope that with the right mix we can potentially win a medal in Rio," Guy told BBC Radio 5 live. If swimmers do not achieve the qualifying times or win selection for the relay events, they must rely on discretionary picks by the GB selectors. The team for Rio will be named on 21 April.
13 October 2016 Last updated at 00:23 BST Many analysts think Sony's kit will outsell rival headsets from HTC and Facebook's Oculus division because of its lower price and the fact that more than 43 million PS4 consoles have been shipped. Even so, they add, it is likely to remain a niche product for some time to come. Strategy Analytics forecasts that only 3% of Brits will own a VR headset this year and the PlayStation model will account for just 7% of that number. The bulk, it says, will instead own more basic "shells" into which they can slot a smartphone. BBC Click's Marc Cieslak put the PS VR to the test and had reservations of his own. More at BBC.com/Click and @BBCClick.
The result moved Stranraer off the bottom of the division while Airdrie's visit to Brechin City was called off because of a waterlogged pitch. Queen's Park moved into the top four with a 2-0 win over Stenhousemuir, who slipped to bottom on goal difference. And Peterhead drew 1-1 with Albion Rovers in the other League One game. Alloa Athletic v East Fife had previously been postponed due to the Fifers' Scottish Cup meeting with St Mirren. East Fife lost 3-2. At Ochilview, on-loan Hearts forward Dario Zanatta fired Queen's Park ahead and although the Spiders had Ross Millen sent off for two bookings, Anton Brady added a stoppage-time second for Gus MacPherson's side. They are two points in front of Brechin, who have a game in hand, and a point off Alloa. Eighth-placed Peterhead led Albion Rovers through Rory McAllister's cool first-half finish but Ross Stewart swept in an equaliser in the second half. The two sides are level on points - four ahead of Stranraer and Stenhousemuir. Livi, who threatened through Scott Pittman at home to Stranraer, are 11 points clear of Airdrie and 12 ahead of Alloa.
Ouseph, 30, became the first Englishman in 27 years to win the men's singles title with a narrow 21-19 21-19 victory over home favourite Anders Antonsen. The husband-and-wife Adcocks beat Danes Joachim Fischer Nielsen and Christinna Pedersen in the mixed doubles final. Scot Kirsty Gilmour lost in the women's singles final to Carolina Martin. The Spanish top seed triumphed 21-14 21-12. It is the first time England have won two golds at the Euros since 1988, when Darren Hall won the men's singles and Gillian Clark claimed the mixed doubles title with Danish partner Steen Fladberg. The success at the Euros comes after GB Badminton had all its funding cut by UK Sport before the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Ouseph, who had previously won two bronzes and a silver in the men's singles at the European Championships, is just the third Englishman to win the event with Steve Baddeley the previous player to triumph in 1990. Between the wins for Baddeley and Ouseph, players from Denmark had won gold in eight out of nine European Championships. The second-seeded Adcocks took full advantage of their first appearance in a Euros final to see off top seeds Nielsen and Pedersen, who had won the event in the past two Championships. The Adcocks were pegged back after winning the first set but held their nerve to triumph 21-17 18-21 21-19.
Russell Sherwood, 69, of Cilfrew, Neath, went missing while heading to Ewenny, Vale of Glamorgan, after Storm Angus hit in November. Three days later, his body was found in the River Ogmore. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is reviewing issues, including the force's call-handling. Mr Sherwood was reported missing on 20 November after failing to collect his wife from work. He was found dead on 23 November inside his Ford Focus, which had become submerged in the river. The IPCC said it would investigate the police response to an earlier report of flooding across New Inn Road in Ewenny on the day of Mr Sherwood's disappearance. It will also consider "whether call-handlers properly risk-assessed the information provided to them", but not Mr Sherwood's death specifically. IPCC Commissioner for Wales Jan Williams said: "My thoughts are with the family of Mr Sherwood and all those affected by his tragic death. "Our investigation will examine police actions prior to his disappearance and whether appropriate policies and procedures were followed. "We have made contact with Mr Sherwood's family to explain our role and we will be keeping them updated as the investigation progresses."
Some reported death threats, with more than half of those questioned saying they had had physical threats. More than a third of the UK's 195 female MPs took part in the research. Of these, two thirds said they felt "less safe" following the murder of the Labour MP Jo Cox last summer. Deputy Commons Speaker Lindsay Hoyle said Parliament was working with police to ensure MPs' safety and offer training to enhance their security while away from Westminster. The anonymous 5 Live survey, conducted last month, saw one respondent remarking that "the level of violence and abuse has significantly increased in the last years. At times I have been very frightened." Another wrote: "Had to phone the police once, [after] a constituent threatened to kill me." Following the murder of Mrs Cox, who represented Batley and Spen, one MP said she had received "absolutely zero" support from Parliament or her party. Another wrote: "I asked my kids' view on whether I should stop after Jo's death, but their support was all I needed. Standing up to bullies is the only answer." "I won't give in," wrote another. The research reveals how abuse faced by politicians can affect their families. One MP wrote: "The feeling of not being able to protect my children was unexpected, as was having panic buttons fitted." One revealed she had "worries for the safety of my parents in the constituency", while another found she was "more protective of my family and info on where they live/go to school". In the wide-ranging survey, female politicians were asked for their views on getting more women into Parliament. More than half were in favour of all-female shortlists, while almost half wanted a crackdown on "unprofessional or sexist" language at Westminster. But the idea of allowing breastfeeding in the chamber was resoundingly rejected. One MP said: "I wouldn't breastfeed my baby if I worked on the checkout at Tesco, so why would I do it in the chamber?" Two-thirds of those who responded to the survey said getting more women elected would mean Parliament would make better decisions. One commented that "less time would be wasted. Too much hot air from men". Another said: "Parliament might be run more sensibly - less time wasted on posturing and debate for the sake of debate." Almost two-thirds of the female MPs who responded to the survey said they had received sexist comments from fellow workers or MPs  - with one told she should be "in the kitchen washing the dishes". One woman MP said she had experienced sexual assault and two said they had been groped. Of the women with children who responded, the majority found long-distance travel, irregular hours and late parliamentary sittings a problem. One mother commented that "constant 'dissing' and lack of valuing what an MP does, children pick this up". Another worried about the "embarrassment of my kids if I do anything controversial" and a "risk of bullying". The women MPs were asked whether they would still stand for Parliament if they were just starting out, knowing what they do now. One in six said they would not, but the majority said they would. One wrote that "having put so much into becoming [an MP], you can feel like a slot-machine addict - it's hard  to walk away".  Another said: "The good I can do is 100% worth the flak I get." One respondent commented: "Of course - don't let the buggers win." Mr Hoyle said: "Members of Parliament, and their staff and families, are facing unprecedented levels of attacks, abuse and threats. No one should have to endure this as 'part of a job'." The Parliamentary Security Department worked with the Metropolitan Police to ensure security while MPs were at Westminster, he added. Mr Hoyle also said: "Since September 2016 the House of Commons has appointed a contractor to support all members, who wish it, to install security measures recommended for all MPs by the National Police Chiefs' Council. "The Parliamentary Security Department also offers members personal security advice, based on best-practice guidance from police and security experts, and is currently working with the Suzy Lamplugh Trust to provide self-protection and personal security training to MPs and their staff."
It started happening when Apple's operating system, iOS 8.3 came out. By tapping and holding on a chosen emoji, iPhone users of iOS 8.3 or above are now given the choice between five different skin tones and new flags. Apple users who are still using iOS 8.2 and below are not able to see the new emojis. Instead they are replaced with a picture of an alien face inside a black square, next to the original emoji. Apple wouldn't give us a comment on this, but on their website it says: "If you get a message with unexpected characters instead of emoji, try updating your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Mac." If you're viewing the new iOS emojis on devices other than Apple they can appear as lots of other things, like blank spaces, boxes, equal signs, question marks, or even line breaks.
But does the fate of Greece matter to the wider world? Does it matter if Greece eventually leaves the eurozone, or even the European Union? The short answer is yes. Most people care about the fate of Greece, and hope that it can maintain stability and feel secure. Many people, but by no means all, believe that its membership of "Club Europe" is one guarantee of a stability which has so often been denied to Greece in the past. For at least the past hundred years, Greece has swung between democracy and dictatorship, between civilian and military rule, and the outside world would like to be sure the pendulum now stays firmly in the position marked "democratic, civilian government". Both history and geography help explain why Greece matters far beyond its borders. The society which gave the world the embryo of modern democracy in Ancient Greece has only enjoyed 40 years of continuous parliamentary democracy in modern times. The days of the "Greek colonels" are still in the not-very-distant past. The last military regime in Athens was overthrown in 1974. Thirty years earlier, in 1944, Winston Churchill and Joseph Stalin, as uncomfortable wartime allies against the Nazis, were carving up the Balkans between East and West for the post-war era. In Moscow, Churchill put it to Stalin: "Let us settle about our affairs in the Balkans." Britain's wartime leader wrote down his proposals in pencil on a sheet of paper: A couple of later additions and amendments in red ink are important. The Greece section is changed so that "the others 10%" becomes "Russia 10%". And after Great Britain's claim to 90% influence has been added the words "in accord with USA", recognising where the real post-war power would lie. It was part of the far larger, so-called "percentages agreement" attempting to parcel out Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and Hungary too. There's a blue pencil tick near the top of the page, apparently in Stalin's hand. He may have honoured that limit to his influence in Greece, but certainly not his apparent agreement to share Hungary and Bulgaria. After that, Churchill moved very swiftly to try to ensure that the Greek Communists - who had been such a strong force in the divided Resistance to Nazi occupation - would not prevail. He made a dangerous flight to Athens on Christmas Day, 1944, and on 26 December posed with the Greek Orthodox Archbishop Damaskinos of Athens. Churchill backed him as regent, or temporary head of state, ahead of Greece's descent into the nightmare of civil war between communists and anti-communists. That civil war is called by some the first battle of the Cold War. If you accept that another contest for influence between Vladimir Putin's Russia and the West is now under way, it's not hard to see why anything like "Grexit", which would detach Greece from the inner core of EU states, alarms not just fellow European leaders, but also the United States. President Putin has been courting the Greek Prime Minister, Alexis Tsipras. It's true that the Russian leader has offered only limited financial support. But some experts see real opportunities for Russia either way: if the Greek marriage to the EU were to end in a messy divorce or if Greece stays in but continues to hedge its bets through friendship with Moscow. The most imaginative commentators even suggest that if Greece left the EU it would then be bankrolled by Moscow in exchange for Greek agreement to resign from Nato as well, allowing Russian warships to sail unhindered through Greek waters into the Mediterranean. Even if that seems far-fetched, there's little doubt Mr Putin would see himself as the winner if Greece became either semi-detached or wholly detached from the European Union and perhaps permanently destabilised. Anything which hurts the European Union can look like an advance seen from the Kremlin. A brief look at an atlas reminds us why Churchill wanted to be sure of Greece. Greek territory controls a huge area at the north-eastern corner of the Mediterranean. Its territory includes several hundred islands in the Aegean, Ionian and Mediterranean Seas. Greece forms the southern tip of the Balkan Peninsula. It is the cornerstone of south-eastern Europe, even if Cyprus is now the furthest outpost of the EU in that direction. It didn't take very long after the restoration of democracy to Greece in 1974 for the country to be welcomed into the European Union in 1981. That was meant to be a decisive turning point, cementing Greece into political and social stability. When the question of Greece joining was debated in the House of Commons in 1979, one of the senior Foreign Office ministers in Margaret Thatcher's first government, the Lord Privy Seal, Sir Ian Gilmour, spoke approvingly of: "...the political significance of accession, the endorsement which it represents of Greece's democratic progress and of her decisive orientation towards Western Europe. But economically, too, accession will be of great importance to Greece. It will be a challenge and an opportunity." Greece's membership has certainly proved to be a challenge as well as an opportunity. 1941: Greece falls to Germany in World War Two. 1944: British and Greek forces combine to force Nazi withdrawal. With backing from Britain, Georgios Papandreou becomes prime minister. Communists protest. Tensions rise and there is sporadic violence. 1946-49: Royalist parties win elections. Ensuing civil war ends with defeat of communist forces. 1952: New constitution declares Greece a kingdom ruled by parliamentary democracy. Greece joins Nato. 1967: Group of army officers seize power in military coup. 1974: Dictatorship ends, after a Greece-backed coup against President Makarios of Cyprus is followed by Turkish invasion and occupation of north of the island. 1975: New constitution declares Greece a parliamentary republic with some executive powers vested in a president. 1981: Greece joins EU. 2002: Euro replaces drachma. More key events in Greece's history Greece country profile
Ferdos Rabani, 48, currently at HMP Marshgate but formerly of Sheffield, was sentenced at the city's crown court. Rabani, who is also known as Joshua Abdul, was found guilty of rape in November, said South Yorkshire Police. In April 2016, he approached a 34-year-old woman, offered her a lift home before he drove to a remote area and raped her. Rabani had offered her cigarettes, believed to have been drugged to make her drowsy, before the attack. Several weeks afterwards the woman came forward to report to police what had happened. PC Jess Hawley said: "Rabani could clearly see that the victim was vulnerable. "He preyed on her and took advantage of her, leaving her incredibly traumatised by what happened."
Two days later Hyundai Trajet Y264 TKP is shunted into a Cornish garage, and declared by the owner George to be "finished". Or in the words of the recycling industry, it has become an end-of-life vehicle. Here rusty hulks lie forlornly in a line waiting for scrap - after hundreds of thousands of miles of family holidays, car-sick children, back-seat driving, wasp-rich picnics and school runs. Remembering the car was 12 years old, I chirpily mention that a £150 cheque from a scrap merchant would come in handy. "£150? Lucky to get £50," says George. George sits in his office outside the tiny Cornish village of Doublebois and patiently explains the macroeconomic forces at play that have reduced my car to a hunk of worthless metal. China, he reckons, is the problem. With Chinese demand falling, the price of iron ore is on the way down and scrap metal prices are following in their wake. A year ago George could have got £160 for my car.  During the Beijing Olympics prices skyrocketed. Not now. "There's a worldwide glut of metal," he explains. And Y264 TKP is 75% metal, albeit dented and scratched by bike racks, my mother's gate post and, for reasons too complex to go into, the teeth of a small pony. There are other problems too - the collapse in demand, unsurprisingly, from Ukraine, and the eurozone recession. One insider put it bluntly: "The business is bloody painful". Charles Ambrose of the UK's Motor Vehicle Dismantlers' Association (MVDA) said: "In the last few years we've lost 30 members or so going out of business. Most of them are long term players. They are being kicked from all sides." George will bear away poor crippled Y264 TKP to be eviscerated in an "authorised treatment facility". It will be "de-polluted", the battery, and tyres removed, the diesel, oils, and brake fluids sucked out. The oils will be re-refined or used as fuel. The battery will be ground down, the acid neutralised, the polymers separated from the lead, to go towards making a new one. Of course, I could bypass George altogether and get a little more - cash in hand - from someone, er, less respectable. The MVDA believes 600,000 of the 1.7 million cars scrapped every year simply fall off the official radar, unregistered, untaxed. The paper trail vanishes into a black hole, or rather a black market. Environmental niceties are not observed on the black market. But the expense of putting anything in a landfill in the UK and the difficulty of dumping cars means even the vanished ones work their way back into the recycling system. "It's hard to know exactly where those cars go," says Mr Ambrose. "We know a tremendous number are broken up and the parts end up on eBay. "Others are exported as whole cars or as spare parts. Parts of your car could end up in a vehicle in Nigeria. That's not a problem environmentally. It's still recycling. "But the money involved in this kind of black market is often also involved in crime." So one way or another almost 95% of Y264 TKP will be recycled. The UK is expected to hit the 95% car recycling target set by the European Union's end-of-life vehicle directive this year or next. Which is why the plastic bits of Y264 TKP, like the cup-holders stuffed with my daughters' hair-ties, will not go to landfill. The legislation has forced industry to come up with recycling solutions - at a cost. Ian Hetherington, director general of the British Metals Recycling Association says: "The capital expenditure to develop this kind of technology is very high indeed, and it is only profitable when you are producing very high quality plastics at the end of it." So the American firm MBA Polymers invested $30m (£20m) to develop technology to recycle high grade plastics. Its joint venture with the UK's European Metal Recycling (EMR) in Worksop recycles 80,000 tonnes of plastic every year. The plastic pellets are then sold to manufacturers. The alarming truth is the plastic trim of Y264 TKP, which the dog did such appalling things to on the way home from Scotland in 2008, could end up as part of a Nespresso coffee machine. But plastic, like metal, is subject to market prices. It is the low oil price this time. Cheap oil makes "virgin" plastic cheaper, so while the law insists on recycling, the margins for the recycled stuff are squeezed. Then there is the fluff - the padding, the upholstery, and probably the shoe my son lost in 2007. Technically it is ASR, or automobile shredder residue. There is a good chance it will go to landfill. But there is also a chance it may go through another innovation - a new energy-from-waste plant in Oldbury, in the West Midlands where Chinook Sciences and EMR will turn it into electricity to be sold into the grid. The grubby left over bits of Y264 TKP will then power, say, my washing machine. Finally there's the metal - the easy bit, even if its value is small. Y264 TKP, replete with my memories, will go into a crusher, something like the Red Giant made by the New York firm Hammel, or perhaps even the monstrous Hammel 1500DK  that will devour a car body in around 20 seconds. The parts are then separated, using magnets and flotation tanks to divide materials according to their atomic weights. This is the law of the scrap dealer: Separation creates value. There are precious metals to be had: rhodium, palladium and platinum, and rare earth metals, once discarded, now picked clean from mirrors, batteries and catalytic converters. Some call it "Urban Mining". One recycling expert described it thus: "The iron ore miners take the stuff from below the ground, we just take it from above the ground." The steel will probably go abroad for smelting. Scrap is best suited for electric arc-furnaces rather than blast furnaces, and the most convenient ones are in southern Europe. Turkey is the favoured destination. From there, the metamorphosed chassis of Y264 TKP, possibly still tainted with the last few grains of sand from a Norfolk beach holiday, is likely to end up as a small (but I like to think important) part of the frame of a middle eastern skyscraper. Ian Hetherington adds a final suggestion: "It may though actually go back to South Korea. "It could even turn into another Hyundai."
Farc leader Ivan Marquez said the group would start by making an inventory of its weapons before handing them over to United Nations monitors. He said it was a sign of the Farc's "unconditional commitment to peace" after more than 50 years of conflict. The government has yet to reach a peace deal with the ELN rebel group. The Farc said its fighters would register their weapons with UN monitors and reveal the location of any stashed explosives. Almost 7,000 rebels are now gathered in 26 transition zones where they are being registered and offered help to reintegrate into civilian life. But it took months rather than weeks to get them there because of what the government said were logistical difficulties. And when they arrived many Farc members complained the camps were unfinished and they had to build their own accommodation. The Colombian government and the Farc insist that by 30 May - the date set in the peace accord for the disarmament process to be completed - all the guerrillas will be leaving the transition zones and entering civilian life. But there have been serious delays, and the government and the rebels are trying to reassure Colombians that the peace process is still on track. According to the original plan, the Farc were supposed to hand over 30% of their arms on 1 March. But now only 320 rebels are set to disarm by the end of Wednesday, far short of the original target. However, both the government and the Farc insist the disarmament will be completed in time and that they will meet the May deadline.
The Toomebridge rider lies ninth in the overall standings on 28 points, having scored points in every round to date. Laverty, 29, charged into ninth place on the opening lap on his Aspar Ducati, then made it up to eighth, before being overtaken by Spaniard Pol Espargaro. Valentino Rossi was a start-to-finish winner, with Jorge Lorenzo in second. Pole position man Rossi enjoyed a two-second advantage over his Yamaha team-mate at the chequered flag, with Honda pair Marc Marquez and Dani Pedrosa taking third and fourth places respectively. Marquez leads the championship by 17 points from Lorenzo, with Italian Rossi a further 17 points behind in third. Laverty lapped consistently throughout, with Espargaro coming past with 16 laps to go, but failing to significantly increase the gap between the two. Laverty ended only 1.5 seconds behind the Spaniard and although Hector Barbera tried a last-lap attack on the former World Superbike rider, he couldn't make it stick. Laverty was 12th in the previous round, the Grand Prix of the Americas in Austin, having clinched his best-ever result of fourth in Argentina a week earlier. He also occupied 12th spot in the season opener in Qatar.
Their flight from Slovenia to the UK was diverted to Cologne after the pilot was alerted to a "suspicious conversation" with "terrorist content". "The criminal investigation against them has been halted. No evidence was found," police said. "We now believe that there was never any real danger." All 151 passengers were evacuated from the Airbus 319 aircraft using emergency slides, and nine received medical treatment. The men, aged 31, 38 and 48, were returning to Stansted, in Essex, from Ljubljana on 10 June when the disruption arose. They are said to have been on a business trip. According to prosecutors, the flight was diverted when fellow passengers reported the men were discussing "terrorist matters" and carrying a book entitled "Kill" with a sniper rifle on the cover. They said the contents of the alleged conversation could not be verified. No explosives were found in the passengers' luggage or on the plane. A backpack belonging to the men was nonetheless blown up by police. The German tabloid newspaper Bild said passengers told airline staff they had heard the men using the words "bomb" and "explosive", and said one was carrying a suspicious rucksack. A spokesman for Cologne-Bonn airport said: "The pilot had been informed about a suspicious conversation on board, after which he decided to make an unscheduled landing in Cologne-Bonn. "After the safe landing... the 151 passengers left the [aircraft] via emergency slides and were taken to a transit gate." The diverted plane landed in Stansted airport on Sunday. Passenger Daniel Noonan told the BBC that armed police entered the aircraft and escorted two men off. The third was led away on the tarmac after the passengers had exited via the slides. Passenger Richard Peters said he saw the two Asian men being handcuffed on the tarmac at Cologne-Bonn airport. He added that people on the flight were quarantined for about nine hours while police interviewed passengers about the men. He said: "To be fair spirits were quite high considering what had happened. "In the current climate you have to take everything seriously. My suspicion is it was, hopefully, nothing sinister. But you have to take everything seriously. "The right thing was done." Another passenger, Dave Hargreaves, said: "In the flight I didn't see the suspects at all. But I noticed quite a bit of activity, with aircrew popping into the cockpit repeatedly. And a slower than normal serving of the food and drink service. "Then at our cruising altitude I was surprised to see the air brakes go up on the wings and us start a rather speedy descent. It wasn't until perhaps 10 minutes later that we were told 'due to operational reasons' we would be diverting to Cologne airport." Easyjet said the captain had taken the decision to land as a precaution to allow additional security checks to take place. All the other passengers were given a hotel for the night, a spokeswoman said, adding: "We thank passengers for their understanding. The safety of Easyjet's passengers and crew is our highest priority." Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
It said it had introduced the technology to help people get better results when they search. Often, it said in a blogpost, the best answers to a query were found in an app rather than a web page. Initially nine apps have been selected to work with the streaming system as it is tested. Jennifer Lin, Google engineering manager, said the firm started indexing information found in apps two years ago to bolster its larger corpus of search data. About 40% of searches done via Google now turn up content found in apps such as Facebook, Instagram, Airbnb or Pinterest, she said. Until now, Google has only answered queries with information that is available both on the web and in apps. Now, however, it is starting to show results that are only found in apps. One example of when these results would show up might be when someone is looking for hotels during a spur-of-the-moment trip to an unfamiliar city, wrote Ms Lin in the blog. Google said it was using an in-house developed streaming system to give people access to results in apps they do not have installed on their Android handsets. This lets people try the app and use it as if it were installed, said Ms Lin. An experimental cloud-based virtualisation technology Google has developed underpins the streaming system. Apps from HotelTonight, Useful Knots, Daily Horoscope and Gormey are among the first to be available via streaming. Danny Sullivan, founding editor of the Search Engine Land news site, said the streaming system made visible a lot of information that was hard to get at easily. "It's a bad experience to show links to an app that no-one can view unless they install an app," he said. Plus, he added, it could mean data found in apps was now more widely available and could be put to other uses. "Potentially, the new system could even cause some apps that might seem to lack linkable content, such as games, to consider app-only links," he wrote. Streamed versions of apps are available via Google's own app and on its Chrome browser. Users must also be on a fast wi-fi connection and be using a handset running Android Lollipop or a more recent version. Lollipop was released in November 2014. The test of the app streaming and search responses is currently only taking place in the US. Google has not said when, or if, it will be expanded to other parts of the world.
The President says it's unlikely that power companies will switch back to coal, regardless of Mr Trump's plans to boost production. Mr Trump has also said he wants the US to pull out of the Paris climate agreement. But President Obama says this would see the US lose its "seat at the table". The President's views appeared in a policy forum article in the highly regarded research journal, Science. The editors believe it is the first time that a sitting President has written such a feature. In the article, the President argues that a "massive scientific record" shows that climate change is "real and cannot be ignored". Mr Obama also details the reasons he believes the trend towards a low-carbon economy is now "irreversible". He points to the fact that between 2008 and 2015 the US economy grew by 10% while emissions of CO2 fell by almost the same amount. Mr Obama says that US businesses have increasingly seen the financial benefits from cutting carbon through greater energy efficiency. Citing the examples of corporations like General Motors and Alcoa, the President says the US consumed 2.5% less energy in 2015 than in 2008 while the economy was now a tenth bigger. There would be a huge financial penalty if economies don't reduce their emissions, Mr Obama writes. If CO2 continues to rise then global temperatures could go up by 4 degrees C by the end of this century, and that could cost the world economy 4% of GDP. In US terms that would equate to the loss of federal revenue of between $340bn and $690bn every year. Pointedly, Mr Obama says that 2.2 million Americans now work in jobs connected to energy efficiency - double the 1.1 million that work in fossil fuel production and electricity generation. Thanks to hydraulic fracturing, gas has emerged as a transformative energy source, now accounting for 33% of US electricity production. Despite Mr Trump's plans to revive the coal industry by cutting red tape, "it is unlikely that utilities will change course and choose to build coal-fired power plants, which would be more expensive than natural gas plants, regardless of any near-term changes in federal policy." Even states that supported Donald Trump in the presidential election had moved heavily to renewables. Iowa generated 32% of their electricity in 2015 from wind, up from 8% in 2008. On the Paris climate agreement, Mr Obama said this was a "fundamental shift in the diplomatic landscape which has already yielded substantial dividends". Pulling out of the agreement, as Mr Trump has mulled doing, would see the United States lose its seat at the table, and be unable to hold other countries to their commitments, the President wrote. Continued participation in the Paris process, Mr Obama said, would yield great benefit for the American people and the international community. However, the outgoing president was careful to offer an olive branch of sorts to President-elect Trump. Mr Obama argued that the targets that the US signed up to in the Paris agreement could be achieved in many different ways and "this does not mean that the next Administration has to follow identical domestic policies". Follow Matt on Twitter and on Facebook
Some of the weapons were discovered when officers stopped two vehicles in Ratoath - the same village where a man was shot dead on Wednesday night. Two assault rifles and ammunition were found in the vehicles and in follow-up searches nearby two pistols, silencers and more ammunition was recovered. Police said the operation is ongoing. It involved officers from the Drugs and Organised Crime Bureau, supported by national police units, including the Emergency Response Unit. The investigation follows the fatal shooting of Noel Duggan in The Old Mill housing estate in Ratoath at about 19:45 local time on Wednesday. Mr Duggan was a well-known criminal linked to cigarette smuggling and also had connections to a Dublin family who were caught up in a fatal feud in the city last month. A police statement said Thursday evening's operation was targeted at "organised criminal groups involved in the provision and distribution of firearms". The men who were arrested are in their 30s.
Contractions in the construction and production industries were balanced out by a growth in services. UK GDP grew by 0.4% over the same period. Scottish GDP per person - which takes population changes into account - was also flat during the first quarter of 2016. During the first three months of the year services in Scotland grew by 0.4%, while production contracted by 1.2% and construction by 1.5%. On an annual basis, Scotland's economy grew by 0.6%, compared with UK growth of 2%. The figures were compiled by Scotland's chief statistician. The GDP figures were released on the same day as official data showed that unemployment in Scotland fell by 18,000 between March and May. A leading economic forecaster described the two sets of figures as "a mixed bag" for the Scottish economy. Graeme Roy, director of the Fraser of Allander Institute at the University of Strathclyde, said growth had been "stagnant"  over the first three months of the year. "While the all-important services sectors grew, there was a sharp fall in production and construction," he said. "Of greatest concern was the fall in manufacturing, which was down 2.6% over the three months and 5.4% over the year. This was the sharpest fall in annual manufacturing output since the 2008/09 financial crisis. "On the plus side, revisions to the data paint a rosier picture of growth last year. The Scottish economy is now estimated to have grown in each and every quarter of 2015, with growth of 1.4% in 2015 up from the previous estimate of just +0.9%. "Despite that, Scotland continued to lag behind the UK as a whole." Responding to the GDP figures, the Scottish Chambers of Commerce called for "a concerted government response to Scotland's growth problems and swift clarification of the position of EU nationals working in the UK". Chief executive Liz Cameron said: "Scotland's growth has now been at a fraction of that of the UK as a whole for a full year and there are few signs of a major improvement in sight. "In the light of the EU referendum result, the Scottish and UK governments must take all steps necessary to support businesses at this time and help them to invest for the future and get our economy back on the path of growth." The Federation of Small Businesses said the growth figures presented a challenge. Scottish policy convener Andy Willox said: "These pre-referendum figures demonstrate that the Scottish economy was underperforming before the vote. "Business surveys and feedback suggest that some investment plans and deals have been put on hold as a consequence of recent economic and political turbulence. "As Number 10 and Bute House draw up plans to restore business confidence, they must think about community firms as well as the stock market. "They must shelve proposals that would give business owners headaches and think about local infrastructure as well as large national projects." In a report released last week, accountancy firm PwC downgraded its growth forecasts for Scotland's economy. It suggested house prices were set to fall north of the border amid an economic slowdown - but a recession would be avoided.
Darren Ferris, 24, from Motherwell, lost control of his Ford Mondeo which hit 44-year-old Linda Carson in the town's Muirhouse Road on 27 September. Mrs Carson later died at the scene from multiple injuries. Ferris admitted causing her death by dangerous driving. He was jailed for nine years and six months. Jailing Ferris at the High Court in Edinburgh, judge Lord Turnbull told him: "Your behaviour on that evening, when seen in the context of your previous offending, demonstrates you have no sense of the civilised values by which others in our community live their lives." Lord Turnbull said Mrs Carson had been a mother and wife "in the prime of her life" who, through the random timing of taking her dog for a walk, found herself in the path of a drunk driver travelling at excessive speed. He said the author of a background report on Ferris could "detect little by way insight or genuine remorse" on his part. "The consequence of your conduct was predictable, but it was also truly tragic for Mrs Carson and her family," he said. A previous hearing at the High Court in Glasgow was told that on the day of the crash Ferris had been drinking Buckfast and was "pretty drunk". At about 20:00, Mrs Carson left her home in Gresham View, Motherwell, to walk the family dog. Ferris was seen driving the Mondeo at excessive speed, causing some witnesses to remark that he was "flying past" and driving "like an idiot". He then lost control on Muirhouse Road, causing the car to mount the pavement, hit Mrs Carson and then smash into a wall. Afterwards, Ferris got out of the car and spoke to Mrs Carson who was lying on the pavement. What he said was not heard, but a bystander then saw him put his hands to his head and shout before running from the scene. One of the people who tried to help Mrs Carson called the mobile number on the dog's collar and spoke to 47-year-old Mr Carson. He then rushed to the scene with their 11-year-old daughter and both were comforted by locals while a nurse attempted CPR on Mrs Carson until paramedics arrived. The court was told that Mrs Carson died from multiple injuries. Ferris was later seen dropping car keys from the window of his flat at Grange Tower, before police arrived and forced entry. When he saw them he became aggressive, told them to leave and denied that he had been driving. A breath test carried out on Ferris 90 minutes after the crash gave a reading of 63mcgs. The legal limit is 22mcgs. Police experts who examined the crash scene concluded that blame for the fatal collision lay with Ferris who drove at an inappropriate speed in a 30mph limit area, under the influence of alcohol and failed to negotiate a right-hand bend. Speaking after sentencing, Insp Darren Faulds, of Police Scotland, said: "Ferris, despite having already been banned from the road for a previous conviction, took the decision to get behind the wheel of that vehicle whilst under the influence of alcohol, and in doing so, had absolutely no regard for the safety of any pedestrians or other motorists in his path. "Following the fatal crash, in an act of cowardice, he fled from the scene and tried to cover his tracks before being traced and arrested."
"By the time you're 40 years old, you've learned a great deal, both professionally and personally, and made a lot of mistakes. And I think respect comes with age - people take you more seriously." It certainly worked for Johnson. It was as she was turning 40 that she set up the San Francisco-based product design company, Coupage, with her engineer husband. Business has been booming ever since. She is not alone, it seems. Many women entrepreneurs are waiting for the right moment, and are starting their businesses in their forties or beyond - as a second or even third career - having bided their time until they are absolutely ready. Having worked in product design and then in advertising, Raquel Johnson realised that she did not want to return to the corporate world after she had her younger daughter. It was challenging walking away from the "sure thing" of a steady salary, she says, but she also found it liberating. She has found her "true passion," she says. "Even the stress I feel now is more enjoyable," she explains cheerfully. "It motivates me and pushes me forward." Starting small, the business was run from home and was self-funded at first. "[When you are older] there is more opportunity for some savings to have accumulated," points out Johnson. "You don't have to take out large loans or search for funders right away." Having started with a prototype for a device to integrate an iPod into a car, Coupage has grown steadily, bringing ideas to life in the fields of audio, energy, cars and Apple-related products. "Once you reach your forties you have the confidence to follow your own path," says the US-born businesswoman, Karen Scofield, who set up her company when she was 46. A sense of humour is also important, she adds with a smile. In the early days, she had to run her firm, London-based fashion brand Lucza, single-handedly. It was all down to her, from technology mishaps and admin dramas to sudden, urgent errands, like dashing out to the shop to buy a copier cartridge. "Humour was definitely needed on that day," she laughs. All of which is a far cry from her previous career as a television executive in New York, working for a smooth-running corporate machine. When she moved to London with her husband and started a family, it was time to think again. But the skills she had learnt in TV - time and people management, organisation, as well as research and analysis - were highly transferable, she says: Some things, however, she is doing very differently from her old workplace. Her leadership style at Lucza is "inclusive," she says. "But the main difference is, now you are the boss, the final decision maker, which can be daunting. "You decide what is best and you must make these decisions with confidence." It is something she relishes. So what advice would Karen Scofield give to other entrepreneurs when the going gets tough? "You have to push yourself forward, set your own deadlines and keep going." The hard work and "long nights" have been worth it, she says. The Lucza brand has been increasing year-on-year sales and its pieces are worn by high-profile women such as Samantha Cameron, wife of the British Prime Minister. She loves that her daughters see her doing something "new and scary," and adds, "I do think it's incredibly important that women support other women, however and whenever possible." She praises The Next Women, an organisation which connects women entrepreneurs via networking events and conducts "pitch events" to prepare female entrepreneurs for fundraising pitches. Raquel Johnson found Women 2.0, which champions female tech entrepreneurs, an invaluable support New groups are increasingly popping up such as the fledgling UK-based organisation My Next Day Job, which is collaborating with Prime, the Prince's Initiative for Mature Enterprise. Whatever the support, however, taking this path more than half way through your working life takes confidence and bravery. Sarah Weck of Hidden Springs Maple  - a maple syrup farm, retail website and wholesale business - was emboldened by the opportunities she saw in the market. It was too good to miss. "Having worked in Silicon Valley I saw how retail was changing, but when I was still in my thirties the market would not have been ready for my business," she says. The maple syrup farming business had been in her husband's family for more than 50 years, but it was Weck who, at the age of 42, decided to combine old-style Vermont with high-tech California, and sell their syrup online. She now runs the whole operation, from bookkeeping and marketing, to payroll and even scooping ice cream at the farm shop. Her hard work has paid off - the company now has 10 employees, and sales are doubling each year. And how does gender fit in? There are barriers, she concedes. "As a woman, you have to make people take you seriously. Men are more prevalent in business, and women have to work at changing the image of business to be gender neutral." But, she adds, bias can be overcome. "I've watched people shift attitudes," she says. In the early days she was overcharged for supplies, until she proved she had researched the supply-and-demand economics for that particular season. "I'm not sure a man would have had to prove himself in the way I did." As for her age, Weck sees it as a definite advantage. She draws on skills she learnt in her previous two careers (she was an English teacher and then a technical writer for a software company), such as leadership and attention to detail. "I know myself and my strengths and limitations so much better than I did in my twenties and thirties." Never a better time than in your forties, seems to be the consensus. As Raquel Johnson of Coupage puts it: "Being comfortable in my skin has helped me be much more successful now than when I was younger and more unsure of myself. Recognising when the time is right, and seizing the opportunity is absolutely key to success."
DUP leader Arlene Foster said the "wide-ranging" pact was "good for Northern Ireland and the UK" -  so where will the money be spent? The heart of the financial package is infrastructure spending - £400m of it over two years. That is a significant sum given that Northern Ireland's annual infrastructure budget is about £1bn. The deal specifically mentions the York Street Interchange, a project to ease congestion where three major roads meet in Belfast. It is expected to cost about £150m, so there should be plenty left over for other major projects. They could include a planned transport hub in the centre of Belfast and other major roads schemes like the completion of the A5 or A6. On top of the £400m, there is a further £150m for ultra-fast broadband. This was a project which was already being scoped by the Department of the Economy before the collapse of Stormont. It is ultimately about improving the connectivity of rural businesses. Previous Stormont/Westminster deals have also included infrastructure but they typically involved allowing Stormont to borrow more. This time it is cold, hard, no-strings-attached cash. The money for health and education is more modest - given that a figure of £1bn for health alone was being mentioned during the negotiations. There is a minimum of £250m for health and and we can assume it will get about half the "immediate pressures" money, bringing it to a total of £300m. That will help ease the problems with waiting lists and give the system some breathing space ahead of a major reform programme. The "immediate pressures" money for education (about £50m) will go some way to easing a growing row with head teachers who have said they will not impose any more cuts. There is also £100m to be spent on deprived communities over five years. It will be interesting to see what the delivery mechanism for that money will be. Stormont's Social Investment Fund, which was also designed to help those communities, has been mired in controversy. Another part of this deal is to give flexibility to a previously agreed £500m fund for investment in shared education and housing projects. Stormont has struggled to spend this money, in its first year just £3m of a £50m allocation was spent. So its is possible that the new flexibility will allow all that money to go into general infrastructure spending.
Bowe, 30, scored the second of Ireland's tries in Saturday's 29-15 win over South Africa at the Aviva Stadium. He has won 55 caps for Ireland, scoring 27 tries, and has made 124 appearances for Ulster, scoring 48 tries. Earlier this week, the IRFU confirmed that Rob Kearney had also signed a new three-year deal to stay with Leinster. Bowe made his competitive debut for Ulster against Connacht in April 2004 and enjoyed a spell with the Ospreys, before returning to his home province for the 2012-13 season. He made his Ireland debut against the USA in November 2004 and has twice toured with the British and Irish Lions. The Monaghan man played in all three Lions Tests against South Africa in 2009, and in two Tests in Australia in 2013. He was a member of Ireland's 2009 Grand Slam-winning team and was named Six Nations Player of the Championship in 2010. "I'm delighted to have signed a new contract with the IRFU and Ulster," Bowe said. "It is an exciting time for both the province and the national team and I hope to play a part in achieving success on both fronts in the years to come."
Any player who dives or feigns injury in an effort to influence match officials will be liable for sanction. At the 2015 Rugby World Cup in England, officials were instructed to sin-bin players who committed those offences. Players who need to be substituted because of an injury following foul play will no longer count as one of their team's six allotted replacements. And a change has also been made in the application of a maul law, punishable by a penalty. It means a player in possession cannot slip to the back of a maul, with the ball having to be moved backwards hand to hand instead. The changes have been in effect in the southern hemisphere since January. England are scheduled to play a three-match Test series in Australia in June, while Wales play New Zealand in three Tests and Ireland are touring South Africa. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and S7 Edge. This time, both models feature displays that curve round the phones' sides. The launch follows Samsung's botched release of the Note 7, which was recalled twice after fires. The South Korean firm blamed the problem on battery faults and said it had since put in additional safety measures, including X-ray scans of  batteries. The company has also become mired in a corruption scandal in its home country. "The Galaxy S8 is arguably the most important launch of the last 10 years for Samsung and every aspect will be under the microscope following the Note 7 recall," commented Ben Wood from the CCS tech consultancy. "The S8 is a unquestionably a strong product but Samsung must now deliver a faultless launch to move on from its earlier difficulties. If this happens it will emerge in an even stronger position." The new devices will be released on 21 April. The S8 is priced at £690 and the S8+ at £780 - a jump on last year's entry prices of £569 for the S7 and £639 for the S7 Edge. Samsung was the bestselling handset manufacturer for 2016 as a whole, according to market research firm IDC. However, Apple overtook it in the final three months. Source: IDC The displays of the S8 and S8+, measuring 5.8in (14.7cm) and 6.2in (15.7cm) respectively, mean a more stretched aspect ratio than before, pushing the screens closer to the top and bottom of the handsets. As a consequence, Samsung's logo no longer features on the front, and the physical home button is replaced with an on-screen icon - in a similar manner to rival Android phones from Huawei and LG. A pressure sensor and vibration module have, however, been built into the space behind the new virtual button to provide feedback. Samsung suggests the displays' 18.5:9 ratio makes them better suited to running two apps side by side. For example, there is now space to watch a video, use a chat app and still have room for a full touch-keyboard. The screens are the same resolution as before but are now brighter, supporting high dynamic range (HDR) playback of videos for extra clarity. The S8's body is a little narrower than that of the S7, while the S8+'s is a bit wider than the S7 Edge but lighter - Samsung says both new devices can still be used one-handed. The phones also introduce Bixby - a virtual assistant based on technology acquired from some of the original developers' of Apple's Siri. The helper is activated by a dedicated side-button and allows 10 built-in apps - including a photo gallery, messages and weather - to be controlled by voice. It is "context-aware", meaning users can ask follow-up questions and assume it is aware of what is currently displayed. Samsung said it expected owners to mix together voice commands and physical controls - for example asking to see all the photos taken today, then tapping the ones they want, before verbally requesting they be messaged to a friend. The software can also be used to recognise objects seen via the phone's camera. This can be used to identify a landmark, for example, or tell the owner how much a product would cost to buy online. Bixby works with Google Play Music, and Samsung intends to open it up to other third-party apps in the future but has not said when. At launch, it is only designed to recognise US and Korean voices. "If what Samsung demoed works well in practice, Bixby will be interesting because it offers features absent from Siri and Google Assistant," commented Francisco Jeronimo from IDC. "The race is on to have the best digital assistant, since that will drive hardware sales. "But in the past, some of Samsung's features have looked great in presentations, but when you use them on a daily basis they have not been as good." While Bixby offers new ways to control a phone, it lacks Google Assistant's pre-emptive smarts - it does not interject in chats to suggest places to visit, for example. However, the search giant's rival artificial intelligence can still be summoned via the home button. Other improvements over last year's models include: Samsung also has a range of accessories including a revamped virtual reality headset that is now accompanied by its own motion-sensing controller, and a second-generation 360-degree camera capable of more detailed images than before. It also offers a new dock that connects the phones to a monitor, keyboard and wireless mouse, allowing them to act as a kind of Android-powered PC. "Although Microsoft has done this in the past, the performance of the S8 makes it a very compelling experience," commented Mr Wood. "But while I'm impressed with the dock from a technology perspective, the practicality of it for consumers is questionable." I'm not sure I share Samsung's bold declaration that the S8 is "a work of art" - but the slimmer handset definitely sits more easily in one hand than its predecessor. And once you see the surface, which is nearly all-screen, you wonder why you ever needed a physical home button or any other furniture around it. The tech giant has high hopes for its digital assistant Bixby. What I tried was a limited demo model, which only seemed to understand a few predetermined cues such as searching photos and telling you the weather. The idea of using the camera as Bixby's "eyes" is neat - but is it enough to draw people away from the more familiar Google Assistant, which will also be preinstalled, as it is on other Android devices? I'd like to be able to tell you more about the battery life of what I imagine is a power-hungry little device - but Samsung was coy about that. Batteries are still a sensitive subject. Samsung Electronics's stock has shrugged off months of bad news, thanks in part to the popularity of last year's Galaxy S7, strong sales of its OLED screens and other components to rival manufacturers, and the fact that investors hope the firm has learned from its mistakes. Even so, the company will hope its latest launch will demonstrate it has turned a corner. 21 Feb 2016: Galaxy S7 phones unveiled - handsets bring back expandable storage and water resistance 24 May 2016: Sued by Huawei - Chinese rival claims patent infringement - Samsung later countersues 8 July 2016: S7 Active fails test - Consumer Reports finds phone fails to survive submerged as advertised 20 July 2016: S7 Active fix found - Samsung acknowledges and resolves production line fault 2 Aug 2016: Galaxy Note 7 revealed - Pen-controlled phone gains iris scanner and attracts positive reviews 24 Aug 2016: First Note 7 "explosion" report - News from South Korea of a burnt-out phone 2 Sept 2016: First Note 7 recall - 2.5 million handsets called back because of battery fault 1 Oct 2016:  Note 7 returns to sale - Devices return to sale a few days later than planned 5 Oct 2016: Viv assistant acquired - Tech forms basis for the Bixby helper 11 Oct 2016: Second Note 7 recall - Action taken after incidents including a fire on a plane 4 Nov 2016: Washing machine callback - 2.8m machines recalled in US after reports of excessive vibrations 8 Nov 2016: HQ raided - Seoul office raided as part of corruption probe 4 Jan 2017: Brighter TVs - QLED-branded TVs, laptops and smart skin sensor unveiled at CES tech expo 17 Feb 2017: Chief arrested - Vice-chairman of Samsung Electronics, Lee Jae-yong, faces bribery allegations 27 Feb 2017: Two new tablets - New devices, but Galaxy S8 was not ready for launch at Barcelona's MWC tech expo 29 March 2017: Galaxy S8 launch - New flagship phones unveiled in New York
The 30-year-old made 243 appearances for the Canaries, and was promoted to the Premier League twice. "It's disappointing obviously, but I think the direction that the club needs to go, it's a rebuild in structure," Ruddy told BBC Radio Norfolk. "For reasons other than football, it was a decision that was made." Ruddy, whose final match for the club was their 4-0 win over QPR, continued: "The club did have the option on me, but mitigating circumstances within that contract meant that it was probably impossible for the club to uphold that. "It was nice that we were told when we were and nice that I was able to go out in this manner on Sunday." Ruddy joined Norwich from Everton in 2010, and as well as helping them reach the top flight twice, he was capped once by England in 2012. But he is one of seven out-of-contract players to leave a club that failed to achieve an instant return to the Premier League and are currently without a permanent manager. "Going back to when I was first here, Paul Lambert took what was a calculated risk, I'd say, of £250,000. "You look back on that now, it's not an awful lot of money. I'm not sure you get too much goalkeeper for £250,000 these days," said Ruddy. "I was grateful to him, to (majority shareholder) Delia Smith and (former chief executive) David McNally for allowing me to join the club, for the years after that, apart from this season and last season, have been superb. "Four of the seven years here have been in the Premier League. It's been a special time in my life. I'm only 30 years old, I'm not retiring tomorrow. "We move onto a new day, a new challenge and hopefully I've got 10 years left in me."
In 2009, world leaders met in Copenhagen but got nowhere. I was among the last to leave that summit and delegates were in tears. The glass roof of the conference centre was dark with snow. But since then, a remarkable set of changes has allowed the Paris Agreement to take shape. Paris climate deal enters force as focus shifts to action UN review says carbon plans fall well short of climate goals For a start, the world's two biggest emitters of greenhouse gases, China and US, jointly decided to make a serious push. For President Obama, this has always been a priority. And for China the new middle class is demanding an end to the toxic pollution smothering the biggest cities. And that's spurred another shift: renewable energy is falling in price. Out in the deserts of western China, along the ancient Silk Road, I've seen for myself new forests of wind turbines. Recently, China has planted two of them every hour. The Chinese push for renewable energy is the largest the world has ever seen. And look at the global figure for solar panels installed last year - it was half a million every day. A third big change is the involvement of leading companies. A decade ago, it was rare for me to get a corporate press release making a green boast. Now my inbox is bursting with them. On Friday, 10 oil companies announced a one-billion-dollar fund for low-carbon technology - something inconceivable not long ago but, let's be clear, the sum is dwarfed by the money spent developing new sources of oil. So will the Paris Agreement get anywhere? On the one hand, it doesn't oblige any government to cut their greenhouse gases. But, on the other, each country's efforts will be scrutinised every five years. And although the agreement has no teeth, it does represent something unique: the first time that every nation on the planet has signed up to try to head off the worst effects of global warming.
Women's rugby sevens appears at the Olympics for the first time and Joyce, 20, is the only Welsh player to make the otherwise all-English GB squad. "We're coming out here to achieve a medal and hopefully gold," she said. "Sevens is a game anything can happen, anyone can win. You might be up top and five seconds later you're losing." On the prospect of facing Brazil in their opening Pool C game, Joyce said: "We're just going to take it like it's any other team, go out there fighting. It's going to be one of our hardest games." Team GB also face Japan on Saturday, before a match against Canada on Sunday with the quarter-finals to follow. The only non-English member of the squad, Joyce says she has settled in well and is enjoying the experience. "The facilities here are amazing, we are loving every second of it," she said. "We get free time and chances to play monopoly, cards and we're all loving Mario Kart [a video game]. "It's honestly amazing and one of the best experiences I can ever imagine." The Team GB squad have now arrived in the athletes' village in Rio after a training camp in Belo Horizonte. "I think it's going to be completely different level of excitement in the athletes' village. It will be amazing to get to be with everyone else," said Joyce. "Imagine just walking past Usain Bolt, Mo Farah and Andy Murray. It would be a dream come true." Joyce, from St David's in west Wales, is the first Welsh women's rugby player to compete in the Olympics, something which she says is "pretty insane". "I'm getting so much support," Joyce added. "When I went home a couple of weeks ago to my parents' house they had the GB flags and the Welsh flags all around the house. "I live in a little city and they're all cheering for me and wishing me good luck, giving me cards. I've had amazing support." Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The veteran US businessman was the largest shareholder in MGM Resorts International, which owns the MGM Grand and Bellagio hotels in Las Vegas. He was well known for buying and then selling the MGM film studio three times, making a profit each time. Kerkorian was reported to have died on Monday night in Los Angeles but no cause of death has been given. "Mr Kerkorian was a quiet but powerful force behind the transformation of the Las Vegas Strip into one of the world's most popular tourist destinations," MGM Resorts said in a statement. A school dropout at 16, Kerkorian became a boxer and later flew dangerous missions delivering warplanes from Canada to Britain during World War Two. He carried on flying after the war and opened a charter flight business ferrying gamblers who wanted to get from Los Angeles to Las Vegas more quickly than by driving. He began buying property in Las Vegas in 1962 after selling his charter airline, which he later re-purchased. "When you're a self-made man you start very early in life," he once told the Las Vegas Review-Journal. "You get a drive that's a little different, maybe a little stronger, than somebody who inherited." He was also a player in the automobile industry, losing a battle for control of Chrysler in the 1990s before taking stakes in General Motors and Ford in the 2000s. In May this year, Forbes magazine estimated Kerkorian's wealth at $4.2bn (Â£2.7bn) after taking a hit on his investments during the financial crisis in 2008, when the magazine said he was worth $16bn. "MGM Resorts and our family of 62,000 employees are honouring the memory of a great man, a great business leader, a great community leader, an innovator, and one of our country's greatest generation," MGM chief executive Jim Murren said in a statement.
Tony Smith's side followed up a 28-16 win at Wigan on 1 April with a convincing home victory, although they fell behind to Josh Charnley's try. Daryl Clark, Ben Westwood and Kevin Penny all crossed for the hosts before half-time to forge an 18-4 lead. Ryan Atkins' brace, Benjamin Jullien and Westwood's second sealed Wire's biggest Super League win over Wigan. The Warriors, for whom captain John Bateman scored a late consolation, would have gone top themselves with a win but defeat left them third. Catalans Dragons will join Warrington at the summit on 20 points if they win at Hull on Friday. The two tightest defences in the division at the start of play held firm until Charnley slid in at the corner after 17 minutes, but Shaun Wane's 150th game as Wigan head coach quickly turned sour as Clark and Westwood, who barged over with his first touch of the game, overturned the deficit. Warrington, who lost winger Tom Lineham to a head injury early in the first half, saw off a burst of Wigan pressure before Atkins' close-range try stretched the lead to 20 points and his second effectively killed the contest. The Wolves' half-back pairing of Stefan Ratchford and Kurt Gidley, who extended his contract on Wednesday, played influential roles throughout, with Gidley also landing five of his six attempts at goal. Former Great Britain international Iestyn Harris, BBC Radio 5 live sports extra "In the first 20 minutes, Warrington didn't get into their stride. As soon as Ben Westwood came onto the field and gave them some momentum, they didn't look back. "For 60 minutes they totally dominated Wigan - physically, in ability and for me that little bit of hunger. They really wanted this. "They've put a statement of intent there - they've put 40 points on Wigan Warriors. "Wigan are going to get some players back and they are going to come back strong." Warrington head coach Tony Smith: "The players were terrific tonight, particularly defensively. "We were outstanding without the ball and really played a physical game, which you have to do when you play Wigan. If you don't, they dominate you. "I love watching Ben Westwood - he's tough, hard, effective and keeps going. He's doing a great job for us." Wigan head coach Shaun Wane: "It's not tough to take - they were the better team. Warrington were outstanding. "For 25 minutes we handled them physically, but we made changes and lost a bit of momentum. "Their line speed killed us, we found ourselves under pressure and we couldn't get ourselves back into the game." Warrington: Russell; Penny, R. Evans, Atkins, Lineham; Gidley, Ratchford; Hill, Clark, Sims, Hughes, Currie, Westerman. Replacements: G. King, Cox, Jullien, Westwood. Wigan: Sarginson; Charnley, Gelling, Gildart, Tierney; Gregson, Smith; Clubb, Powell, Mossop, Bateman, Isa, Sutton. Replacements: Williams, Tautai, Burke, Wells. Referee: Phil Bentham
South and West Yorkshire would both control some tax and spending if local councils devolve powers to new combined authorities run by a mayor. Under the proposals, strategic planning, transport and economic regeneration powers would be handed over. The Chancellor, George Osborne, could announce the plan on Wednesday. The five West Yorkshire councils - Bradford, Calderdale, Kirklees, Leeds and Wakefield - joined the neighbouring City of York in North Yorkshire to form a combined authority six months ago. Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham and Sheffield councils have created a similar South Yorkshire body. The existing councils would continue to run services such as education and waste management individually. Under the current agreement one of the council leaders is chosen by the others to chair the combined authority. The chancellor's idea takes this on much further with extra powers for the combined authority to control social welfare policy, raise tax and control public spending. In return leadership would be given to a new generation of "metro mayors" wielding considerable executive powers. Councillor Peter Box, Labour leader of Wakefield City Council and current chair of the West Yorkshire Combined Authority, said he would welcome any extra power and budgets but totally reject a regional executive mayor. Wakefield, Bradford, Leeds and Sheffield all rejected individual city mayors in referendums just two years ago. "Just a couple of weeks ago the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was in Leeds and told us that we could have the devolved powers without having to accept an executive mayor," said Mr Box. "Go on any street and it becomes clear the public will simply not accept another elected politician." Andrew Carter, leader of the opposition Conservative Group on Leeds City Council, voted against creating a local executive mayor in the 2012 referendums. "But, a metro mayor is a completely different proposition," he said. Support for the idea has come from two of Bradford's MPs. Gerry Sutcliffe, Labour MP for Bradford South, who was leader of the city council before being elected to parliament, says West Yorkshire has to follow the Manchester lead or it will see potential investment and economic growth being sucked over to the other side of the Pennines. George Galloway, Respect MP for Bradford West, said he believed that West Yorkshire could reap the same benefits that have resulted from the strong leadership of London's mayors. "We have had two now, both of them bigger-than-life figures, who have clearly made a difference to London," he said. The individual councils would not enter into a formal merger. A similar arrangement has been announced for Greater Manchester's 10 councils. "I am a great believer in the power of our cities to be big forces in the world," Mr Osborne said as he signed the deal with the Greater Manchester councils in November. "Great cities like Manchester don't quite have a strong enough voice. And I want to improve that. I think you do that by having a directly elected mayor. I think that has worked in London".
The 30-year-old from Ashford, Kent, admitted the offences against victims aged between six months and 12 years, from 2006 to 2014. He was given 22 life sentences and will serve a minimum term of 23 years. It is believed Huckle abused up to 200 children from mainly poor communities in the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur. He presented himself as a practising Christian and first visited Malaysia on a teaching gap year when he was 18 or 19. He then went on to groom children while doing voluntary work. Sentencing Huckle, Judge Peter Rook QC said: "It is very rare indeed that a judge has to sentence sexual offending by one person on such a scale as this." He added that Huckle's life "revolved around your obsession with your own sexual gratification by child sex abuse". How abuser Richard Huckle was caught Malaysian reaction to Huckle's abuse "It is also clear that, had you not been arrested, you planned to continue the same lifestyle using the expertise that you were keen to show off to and share with other abusers so as to continue your sexual exploitation of the children of such communities." Investigators found more than 20,000 indecent pictures and videos of his assaults on children, which were shared with paedophiles worldwide through a website hidden in the so-called dark web He even tried to make a business out of his abuse by crowd-funding the release of the images and was compiling a paedophile's manual at the time of his arrest by the National Crime Agency in December 2014. He boasted about his crimes in online posts, saying in one discussion that "impoverished kids are definitely much easier to seduce than middle-class Western kids." Ahead of his sentencing, Huckle claimed to a psychiatrist that he wanted to put his "madness" behind him and settle down with a south Indian woman. But the court was shown a posting from 2013 in which he outlined his plan to marry one of his victims in order to help him abuse more children. Judge Rook said: "In my view, you may well harbour feelings of regret but there is no feeling of genuine remorse in this case." James Traynor from the NCA's child exploitation and online protection command said Huckle had "deliberately travelled to a part of the world where he thought he could abuse vulnerable children without being caught". "He spent several years integrating himself into the community in which he lived, making himself a trusted figure. But he abused that trust in the worst possible way. The NCA were able to use legislation which allows UK nationals to be prosecuted in the UK for offences that have been committed overseas. Mr Traynor added: "Borders are no barrier - we are determined that those who go abroad to abuse children will be held to account." The NCA has now referred itself to the police watchdog over the way it handled parts of its inquiry. Huckle is known to have returned to the UK and attended two churches in Kent and London. But the BBC has learned that the NCA only contacted the churches - which cannot be identified for legal reasons - last week, almost 18 months after Huckle was first arrested. It says it has now referred that aspect of its investigation to the Independent Police Complaints Commission to see if it could have improved its response.
Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis said Mr Peres "was the greatest living example of an unshakable belief in the pursuit of peace against all odds". Former British PM Tony Blair also paid tribute describing the Nobel Peace prize winner as "a political giant". Mr Peres died aged 93 on Tuesday, two weeks after suffering a stroke. He was one of the last of a generation of Israeli politicians present at the new nation's birth in 1948, serving twice as the country's prime minister and once as president. He also won the Nobel Peace prize in 1994 for his role negotiating peace accords with the Palestinians a year earlier. Rabbi Mirvis said Mr Peres "gave hope to millions of people" that a peace deal would be achievable. He added: "Tragically, thus far, we have not succeeded. But from Shimon Peres we learned that we must never let go of that audacious commitment to peace, even when all around us are ready to do so." He went on: "For those of us whom he inspired during his remarkable lifetime, we say: No matter what the future holds, your legacy lives on in the Jewish people who will never rest until we achieve our eternal dream of peace among the peoples of the world." Mr Blair paid tribute to Mr Peres on twitter, writing: "Shimon Peres was a political giant, a statesman who will rank as one of the foremost of this era or any era, and someone I loved deeply".
Israeli president Reuven Rivlin has sent a pink dress embroidered with the words, "From Israel with love". Princess Charlotte was born on Saturday in London's St Mary's Hospital, weighing 8lbs 3oz (3.7kg). The Queen met her new great-granddaughter at Kensington Palace for the first time on Tuesday. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said a cot blanket made from Tasmanian merino wool was being sent on behalf of the Australian people to mark the royal birth. It was made at the country's oldest weaving mill, Waverly Woollen Mills, Tasmania, and has been embroidered with the Australian floral emblem, the wattle. Mr Abbott said his government would also be making a A$10,000 (Â£5,200) donation to the Healesville Sanctuary, in Victoria, in honour of the princess. "I hope one day the princess can visit Australia and hold a Mountain Pygmy-possum herself," he said. The Mountain Pygmy-possum is Australia's only hibernating marsupial, and there are fewer than 2,000 left in the wild. Israeli President Reuven Rivlin and his wife Nechama Rivlin wished the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "joy, health and happiness" at the birth. They have sent a beaded brooch which features a heart-shaped charm and the "hamsa" symbol - a Middle Eastern sign of protection - as well as a dress, according to a statement from Rivlin's office. Sharona Barzilai, who designed the dress, said: "For me this closes a circle as I learned to be a dressmaker in London, and I am delighted that my design has been sent as a present to the new princess." Meanwhile, a Lego figure of Princess Charlotte has been added to the Buckingham Palace model at Legoland Windsor. More than 7,000 souvenir mugs are being produced at the Emma Bridgewater factory in Stoke-on-Trent to mark the birth of the princess, whose name - Charlotte Elizabeth Diana - was announced on Monday. About 200 staff worked throughout the night, with the first mugs finished at 06:00 BST on Tuesday. The fourth in line to the throne will be known as Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge. The Queen is due to return to London, three days after the birth of her fifth great-grandchild. It is believed she could meet Princess Charlotte for the first time, but a Buckingham Palace spokesman declined to comment on "speculation". Other members of the family have already met the new addition. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall spent more than an hour with their new granddaughter on Sunday. The duchess's parents, Michael and Carole Middleton, and sister Pippa also met the princess. Last year, the princess's brother Prince George was given 774 gifts - including 603 presents from Australia alone. They included a leather flying jacket, a polo mallet and a teddy bear from US president Barack Obama.
Junction One and The Outlet are for sale with a combined guide price of between £58m and £62m, according to property consultants CBRE. The Outlet opened on the outskirts of Banbridge in County Down in 2007, but was effectively taken over by Ulster Bank in 2011. Junction One opened near Antrim in 2004. Ulster Bank also lent the money for that development. The Outlet is currently held by an Ulster Bank company called West Register (Northern Ireland) Property. It is a Northern Ireland branch of a group of companies set up by the bank's parent company RBS to hold "distressed properties". Earlier this year another West Register firm sold the Richmond Centre in Londonderry. The Outlet was opened in 2007 at a cost of £70m but struggled to fill all its units. There are plans to switch part of its use from retail to leisure with a cinema and restaurants. The last set of accounts for the company that holds Junction One valued the development at £7.85m, compared to a valuation of almost £80m in 2009. Junction One Ltd had Ulster Bank borrowings of about £48m and its liabilities outweigh its assets by £53m. Leona Barr, centre manager for Junction One, said: "We welcome that the Junction One complex is on the market as it brings great potential for future development and continued investment. "We believe that the time is right for new owners to build on the success already achieved and to input additional investment to enable the complex to reach its full potential."
Archbishop Philip Tartaglia said Scottish bishops were "shamed and pained" by the suffering of those who had been harmed. His apology followed the publication of a report from the McLellan Commission, which was set up to investigate abuse. It called on the church to make an "unmistakeable and unequivocal" apology and "heal the hurt" of victims. In response, Archbishop Tartaglia said: "As the president of the Bishops' Conference, and on behalf of all the bishops of Scotland, I want to offer a profound apology to all those who have been harmed and who have suffered in any way as a result of actions by anyone within the Catholic Church. "Child abuse is a horrific crime. That this abuse should have been carried out within the church, and by priests and religious, takes that abuse to another level. "Such actions are inexcusable and intolerable. The harm the perpetrators of abuse have caused is first and foremost to their victims, but it extends far beyond them, to their families and friends, as well as to the church and wider society." He told survivors that the Catholic Bishops of Scotland were "shamed and pained by what you have suffered". And he added: "We say sorry. We ask forgiveness. "We apologise to those who have found the church's response slow, unsympathetic or uncaring and reach out to them as we take up the recommendations of the McLellan Commission." The church asked Dr Andrew McLellan to lead a review of how it handles allegations of abuse following a series of scandals. It took evidence from victims in a bid to improve support services and protect vulnerable children and adults. Dr McLellan, a former moderator of the Church of Scotland, was tasked with coming up with proposals aimed at making the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland "a safe place for all". The 11 review commissioners, who include a senior police officer, a journalist and an MP, were tasked with assessing the quality of support available to survivors. It was not within the scope of the commission to investigate or adjudicate on current or historical allegations. The commission made eight recommendations, including calling for support for survivors of abuse to be an "absolute priority". It also said justice must be done for those who have been abused. The report also recommended that the church's safeguarding policies and practices be completely rewritten and subject to external scrutiny. It called for a consistent approach to dealing with allegations across Scotland and improved training for those in the church. Mr McLellan said: "The Bishops' Conference of Scotland should make a public apology to all survivors of abuse within the church. "An apology must be made in a way that is unmistakeable and unequivocal." He added: "The Bishops have said from the outset that they will accept our recommendations. "That means that three things will happen. "First and most important a beginning will be made to heal the hurt and address the anger which so many survivors feel. "Second, the Catholic Church in Scotland will begin to confront a dark part of its past and find some healing for itself. "Third, a significant step will be taken in restoring public credibility for the Catholic Church." Archbishop Tartaglia confirmed that the bishops had agreed to accept the recommendations in full. The review was announced following a series of scandals. The Church faced allegations of abuse at the former Catholic boarding school at Fort Augustus Abbey in the Highlands. The former leader of the Catholic Church in Scotland, Cardinal Keith O'Brien, stepped down in February 2013 after admitting sexual misconduct. The church said it would make public annual audits of all allegations received by the church. It has published details of allegations dating from 2006 to 2012 and then for 2013. The church also said it would instigate a retrospective investigation of historic allegations, dating back to 1947 - with work continuing on that. It said any allegations uncovered as part of this, which had not been acted upon, would be passed to police for them to investigate.
The island, which has only been an international nation in the sport since January 2015, will host the division three tournament from 4-7 April 2017. Jersey finished third this year, having come fifth on their debut in 2015 "This is fantastic for Jersey and fantastic for our squash community," Jersey director of squash, Nick Taylor, told BBC Radio Jersey. Portugal, Sweden and Israel will be among the nations competing in Jersey. "We had a delegate over who looked at the facilities and was very impressed with the club," Taylor added. "It's great that we've been accepted, we just need to deliver a world-class event now. "Last year there were players within the top 100 in the world."
Iselle made landfall early on Friday morning on the chain's Big Island, shortly after it was downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm. But Hurricane Julio, a Category 3 storm with winds of more than 120mph, is about 1,000 miles (1,609km) away. Hawaiian officials have urged residents to stock up on emergency supplies. The last cyclone to hit Hawaii, Hurricane Iniki in 1992, killed six and caused $2.4bn (Â£1.4bn) in damage. Five to eight inches of rain are forecast, along with heavy winds and potential flash flooding in some parts of the state. The storm was weakening as it hit the terrain of the eastern-most island of Hawaii, also known as the Big Island, according to Chris Brenchley, a National Weather Service meteorologist in Honolulu. "As wind blows into the terrain, the terrain kind of redirects the wind," he said. The state's department of emergency management has asked residents to prepare a seven-day emergency kit, including non-perishable food and water. Hawaii's remoteness from the mainland makes it hard to get emergency supplies to the state. Stores have had to quickly restock bottled water and other supplies. The storm has already knocked out power for more than 18,000 people on the Big Island, according to the Honolulu Star-Advertiser. Another 2,700 were without power on the island of Maui. At least 50 flights from major airlines were canceled on Thursday and an inter-island airline cancelled all of its flights on Friday. Rudy Cruz and Ashley Dochnahl from California told the Associated Press they had attempted to fly back early but failed to secure a flight. "We were trying to beat it, but we now will have to ride it out," Mr Cruz said. Big Island resident Andrew Fujimura said the waves were topping 20ft (6m) along the coast. "I can't say I'm too worried," he said. "Worst-case scenario, the power may go out a day or two. But we're prepared for that kind of stuff out here."
It was suggested to him, on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, that the current action by junior doctors would be more effective if the ban was ended. "Sympathy action is legal in most other countries, it should also be legal here," Mr Corbyn said. The Tories said the remarks show Labour is a "threat" to economic security. Asked if he would end the ban on secondary strike action - also known as solidarity action - brought in by Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government in 1990, Mr Corbyn said: "Yes, of course". He added: "Nobody willingly goes on strike. They go on strike as an ultimate weapon... So let's look at the causes of people being upset rather than the symptoms." Reaction to Sunday's political interviews Mr Corbyn also did not rule out allowing the return of flying pickets - where workers travels to support others' action - which were first used in the coal disputes of the 1970s. He said: "It was merely people moving around showing support during a very difficult industrial dispute." Referring to the walkout by junior doctors in their dispute with the government about a new contract, Mr Corbyn said they "would be better served if we had a health secretary who was prepared to get involved, meet them and look for a solution". There were calls for the laws on secondary strikes to be repealed in 2005 while Labour was in power, amid action by baggage handlers at Heathrow Airport in support of sacked staff at the catering firm Gate Gourmet. However, the government then ruled out the prospect of lifting the ban. The issue re-emerged three years later but then Prime Minister Gordon Brown said there would be "no return" to past laws.
But who will win it on goal difference? Data company Gracenote has the answer, but you'll have to scroll down for their prediction. In the meantime, it's looking bleak for the Black Cats of Sunderland at the other end of the table. After 10 games, they have just two points in the bag, are bottom of the pile and have just a 19% chance of avoiding the drop into the Championship. Gracenote say they will finish on 28 points, well adrift of safety, although they will not be the worst side in Premier League history. They will not even be the worst Sunderland side in the top flight. The Black Cats managed 15 points in 2005-06 and 19 in 2002-03, relegated to the Championship on both occasions. There is a sliver of hope for Sunderland boss David Moyes, though. Crystal Palace and Everton managed just three points from their opening 10 matches in the 2013-14 and 1994-95 seasons respectively but stayed up. For the record, the worst Premier league performers are Derby County, who collected just 11 points - one win and eight draws - in 2007-08. It will perhaps come as no surprise to learn that Leicester City's hopes of retaining their crown are already over. According to Gracenote, the Foxes have a 0.1% chance of emulating their success of last season. Currently 11th, they are predicted to finish eighth. It is looking bleak, too, for Manchester United. Their title chances are rated at just 1.3% by Gracenote, who think Jose Mourinho's side will finish in sixth on 64 points, well adrift of the top four. That is one place lower and two points fewer than last season, which ended with an FA Cup victory but with manager Louis van Gaal losing his job. Worse news for United fans is that neighbours Manchester City will finish top, pipping Arsenal on goal difference. Gracenote predicted City and the Gunners would battle it out for the title before the season started and the duo are currently locked on 23 points at the top. Liverpool have also collected 23 points thanks to seven wins and two draws from their opening 10 games, but Gracenote predicts Jurgen Klopp's side will ultimately finish three points back in third. "Liverpool are still improving and we may be underestimating them still," says Simon Gleave, Gracenote Sports' head of analysis. The fourth and final Champions League spot will go to Chelsea in Antonio Conte's first season in charge, with Tottenham four points back in fifth. Look away if you are a fan of Sunderland, Hull City or Swansea. Manchester City supporters may want to post it all over social media. Gracenote runs season simulations 10,000 times to come up with its predictions, using results from the past four years. Points are awarded per match based on the probability of a win/draw/defeat and added to points already won to calculate the predicted points.
A second soldier was moderately wounded in the incident, near Mount Arif, said army spokeswoman Avital Leibovich. Lt Col Leibovich said the militants had opened fire on the soldiers after crossing the border from Sinai. The troops were guarding a site where work is continuing on a new security barrier along the border with Egypt. The violence comes amid a crackdown by Egypt on Islamist militants operating in the Sinai Peninsula, launched after an attack last month left 16 Egyptian soldiers dead. In that incident, the militants subsequently crossed the border with Israel in an apparent attempt to carry out another attack. However, they were killed in Israeli air strikes. In June, militants fired an anti-tank missile at a vehicle convoy carrying construction workers helping to build the new border fence. One Israeli construction worker and two of the attackers were killed. Analysts say that the security situation in Sinai has deteriorated following the fall of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last year, and that local Bedouin criminal gangs, radical Palestinian groups and possibly militant Islamists sympathetic to al-Qaeda have gained a foothold. By Kevin ConnollyBBC News, Jerusalem Israel's border with Egypt in the baking, hostile wilderness of the Sinai desert was among the most dangerous flashpoints in the Middle East until the two countries signed a peace treaty in 1979. They had been to war four times there in the previous 30 years. Under Anwar Sadat and then Hosni Mubarak, Egypt kept an iron grip on the region offering Israel such strategic certainty that the border between the two countries was not properly fenced. Since the fall of Mubarak concern is deepening in Israel that Egypt is less able, or less willing to maintain the same degree of control. There have been a series of incursions over the last year - in the most serious, militants killed 16 Egyptian soldiers before blasting their way through the border fence. Israel fears more - and is building a fence which will run the entire length of the frontier. This latest attack came at one of the last points where work is still to be completed. Lt Col Leibovich said the militants who crossed the border from the Sinai peninsula on Friday were heavily armed with rifles and equipped with bullet-proof vests and explosive belts. The attack happened about half-way down Israel's 240km (150-mile) southern border, at a point where work is under way to complete the new barrier. "[The militants] opened fire towards IDF troops that were guarding the workers in that area. Another force that was nearby... rushed to the area and targeted those three terrorists," Lt Col Leibovich told reporters. "A very big terror attack was thwarted by the quick response of these soldiers," she added. The dead Israeli soldier, named as 20-year-old Cpl Netanel Yahalomi, was reportedly shot in the head during the gun battle. Egyptian security sources said one of the militants died when his explosive belt was detonated, while the other two were shot dead by the Israeli soldiers. The nationalities of the assailants were not immediately clear. Defence officials said work on the border fence in the Mount Arif area was due to conclude in early November. Construction had been delayed because it was difficult in a remote, mountainous region, they added. Israel's options in responding to Friday's attack are constrained, reports BBC defence correspondent Jonathan Marcus. In the past it has chosen to attack Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip, prompting rocket fire on Israel in return. But an Israeli strike into Egyptian territory is almost certainly ruled out; such a step could send already delicate Israel-Egypt ties into a downward spiral, our correspondent says. Now both Israel and the US will be urging the Egyptian authorities to devote even more attention to security in Sinai, he adds.
The transit was a             very rare astronomical event  that would not be seen again for another 105 years. Observers in north and central America, and the northern-most parts of South America saw the event start just before local sunset. The far northwest of America, the Arctic, the western Pacific, and east Asia witnessed the entire passage. While the UK and the rest of Europe, the Middle East, and eastern Africa waited for local sunrise to try to see the closing stages of the transit. Venus appeared as a small black dot moving slowly but surely across the solar disc.  The traverse lasted more than six and a half hours. Some of the best pictures of the event were provided by the             US space agency's (Nasa) Solar Dynamics Observatory , which studies the Sun from a position 36,000km above the Earth. "We get to see Venus in exquisite detail because of SDO's spatial resolution," said agency astrophysicist Dr Lika Guhathakurta. "SDO is a very special observatory. It takes images that are about 10 times better than a high-definition TV and those images are acquired at a temporal cadence of one every 10 seconds.  This is something we've never had before." Many citizens keen to observe the transit first hand attended special events at universities and observatories where equipment for safe viewing had been set up. In Hawaii, one of the best places to see the whole event, the university's             Institute of Astronomy  set up telescope stations on Waikiki beach. "We've had 10 telescopes and the queues have been 10 deep to each telescope all day long," said the institute's Dr Roy Gal. "It's a great opportunity to get people excited and teach them stuff. I was hoping for a big turn-out, and it's been fantastic," he told BBC News. Joe Cali  viewed the transit on the edge of the Outback in New South Wales, Australia, another ideal vantage point. "It is exciting. It may look like just a black dot on the Sun but if you think about it, it's one of the few times you get to see a planet in motion," he said. UK skywatchers had to deal with quite extensive cloud conditions across the country. "We've had total cloud and rain," said Brian Sheen from the             Roseland Observatory in Cornwall . "But we've been improving our chances by connecting with the Shetland Islands and the people up there have done rather better than we have.  We've been seeing the transit through [a feed] of one of their telescopes," he explained. Scientists observed the transit  to test ideas that will help them probe Earth-like planets elsewhere in the galaxy, and to learn more about Venus itself and its complex atmosphere. Venus transits occur four times in approximately 243 years; more precisely, they appear in pairs of events separated by about eight years and these pairs are separated by about 105 or 121 years. The reason for the long intervals lies in the fact that the orbits of Venus and Earth do not lie in the same plane and a transit can only occur if both planets and the Sun are situated exactly on one line. This has happened only seven times previously in the telescopic age: in 1631, 1639, 1761, 1769, 1874, 1882 and 2004. The next pair will not now occur until 2117 and 2125. The phenomenon has particular historical significance. The 17th- and 18th-Century transits were used by the astronomers of the day to work out fundamental facts about the Solar System. Employing a method of triangulation (parallax), they were able to             calculate the distance between the Earth and the Sun - the so-called astronomical unit (AU)  - which we know today to be about 149.6 million km (or 93 million miles). This allowed scientists to get their first real handle on the scale of things beyond Earth. In pictures: Transit of Venus Venus transit: Your pictures Modern instrumentation now gives us very precise numbers on planetary positions and masses, as well as the distance between the Earth and the Sun. But to the early astronomers, just getting good approximate values represented a huge challenge. This is not to say the 2012 Venus transit was regarded as just a pretty show with no interest for scientists. Planetary transits have key significance today because they represent one of the best methods for finding worlds orbiting distant stars. Nasa's Kepler telescope , for example, is identifying thousands of candidates by looking for the tell-tale dips in light that accompany a planet moving in front of its host sun. These planets are too far away to be visited by spacecraft in the foreseeable future, but scientists can learn something about them from the way the background star's light is affected as it passes through the planetary atmosphere. And observing a transiting Venus, which has a known atmospheric composition, provides a kind of benchmark to support these far-flung investigations. Researchers also took a close look at Venus itself during the transit, used the occasion to probe the middle layers of the planet's atmosphere - its mesosphere. They were             looking for a very thin arc of light, called the aureole , which can only be seen when Venus appears to just touch the edge of the Sun's disc at ingress and egress. The brightness and thickness of the aureole depends on the density and temperature of the atmospheric layers above Venus's cloud tops. Observations of the aureole were being combined with data from             Europe's Venus Express spacecraft  in orbit around the planet to provide information on high-altitude winds. The Venusian atmosphere experiences super-rotation. That is - the whole atmosphere circles the planet in four Earth days, on a body that turns around just once in 243 Earth days. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on             Twitter
Phillip Smith, 40, was arrested in a hostel in Rio de Janeiro by Brazilian police. He is expected to be extradited or deported. Smith used a passport in his birth name, Phillip Traynor, to fly to Chile and then go to Brazil on 6 November. He escaped while on a three-day release from a prison south of Auckland. Smith was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1996 after he murdered the father of a 13-year-old boy he had sexually abused between 1992 and 1995. The family had moved house but he had tracked the boy to their new home in Wellington in December 1995. He repeatedly stabbed the father, killing him. The boy managed to escaped and raise the alarm. The victim, who is now 30, told New Zealand's Fairfax media after news of Smith's capture, that he could now stop sleeping with a knife under his pillow. "It's great news, it's excellent," he said from his new home in Australia. "[I feel] relief, a bit of peace of mind that I can carry on with my life without having that fear over my shoulder." Smith's escape has thrown Corrections and various other government agencies into controversy. It has led to calls for an overhaul of short-term prison release and the monitoring of high-risk offenders. In an email Smith sent to Radio New Zealand he said he had planned the escape by running a criminal check on his birth name and discovering that it had not been red-flagged. "My only anxiety was that somebody that knew me might happen to be at the airport at the same time to identify me,'' he wrote, according to Radio NZ. He also said he had been able to fund the escape with money from various businesses he had run from prison. Smith said he chose Brazil because he thought it would be more difficult to extradite him if he was caught, as the two countries do not have a formal extradition treaty. He was arrested after a member of the public in Rio De Janeiro recognised him from images being circulated in hostels and tipped off police. Smith appeared in court after his arrest and has been remanded in custody for 60 days. New Zealand Police Detective Superintendent Mike Pannett said in a press conference on Thursday that it was a relief to have Smith back in custody. He would not, however, say how long he expected Smith to remain in Brazil. "New Zealand will bring him back as soon as possible but we are reliant on the Brazilian justice system to process and deal with the situation," Mr Pannett said. Criminal Bar Association President Tony Bouchier said police needed to be more thorough when checking the names of criminals. "There's got to be a far more robust process gone through when police are entering people's names into their systems and starting somebody off with a criminal record," he told Radio NZ. Corrections Minister Peseta Sam Lotu-Iiga urged a review of the incident "so we can make some decisions as to how we can improve how we have temporary releases done out in the community", according to Radio New Zealand.
Emma West, 36, of New Addington, admitted racially-aggravated disorderly behaviour likely to cause harassment or distress at Croydon Crown Court. West was filmed shouting racist abuse at passengers travelling on a tram between Croydon and Wimbledon. She was bound over to keep the peace and handed a 24-month community order. A judge said West was clearly suffering from mental health problems at the time of the outburst. She received a mental health treatment order for assaulting a constable in a separate incident. The court heard she was "reeking of alcohol" when she carried out the verbal attack. Prosecutor Julius Capon said: "She in essence persecuted a number of passengers on the tram, subjecting them to some disgusting racial abuse." The things she said included "you're not English", "none of you are English" and "get back to your own countries". Mr Capon said many of the passengers were "upset" by West's behaviour. "Some of them described themselves as being disgusted, shocked and horrified," he said. David Martin-Sperry, defending West, said the defendant's offending was out of character, she was taking anti-depressants and she does not harbour any racist views. Mr Martin-Sperry said she had unwittingly taken two and a half times the recommended dose and drunk a large glass of wine before launching the tirade.
It gives them the same rights as married couples regarding inheritance, pensions and tax allowances. The law comes into effect on 6 April. Civil partnerships gained legal recognition in the UK in 2006. Allan Bell, MHK, Minister for Economic Development, who tabled the bill says gay rights have been brought in line with the UK after a 20-year battle. "It has been an extremely difficult time for gay people wishing to have open, loving caring relationships," he said. "But gay rights have changed beyond recognition over the last 20 years on the island. It is a very different place now, it is more tolerant, understanding and inclusive." The Isle of Man has its own parliament and own laws, some of which are very different to those in the UK. Abortion laws are much stricter, the death penalty was only abolished in 1993 and homosexuality was illegal until 1992. Same-sex couples on the island have welcomed the bill claiming they have been discriminated against for years. One man told the BBC that he and his partner were forced to take HIV tests in order to get a mortgage and life insurance on the island. "I told our broker in no uncertain terms that I didn't want to take out a policy with someone who discriminated against gay people but most on them on the island weren't prepared to give a policy unless the HIV test was taken," he said. Mr Bell said the island used to have "a very negative image with the UK and Europe". "The island was subject to a boycott of the UK trade unions who used to use the island for a lot of their conferences," he said. "We are trying to compete internationally for business and there is still the suspicion that we tend to be a backward society." "That is no longer the case. This legislation is a major statement to the outside world that we have changed. " The bill has now passed through both houses of parliament but not without resistance. It has sparked fierce debate among some groups on the island. Peter Murcott, Methodist preacher, said: "It will have a fundamental change in due course on how the next generation is brought up to conceive family life and ultimately it is going to introduce an anti-Christian attitude and it will be contrary to the beliefs of many other religions as well." Allan Bell said: "Not everyone will feel comfortable with this legislation but it's been a much easier debate than the fierce resistance we had 20 years ago when we first started this process. "The gay community on the Isle of Man has been a repressed community on the island for many years. "Today is a red letter day for the island and for those groups."
Smith, 93, was one of the most influential guitar-players in country and early rock 'n' roll. He found fame with his 1948 single Guitar Boogie and enjoyed other hits including Feudin' Banjos in 1955. When the Warner Bros film studio used a cover version and renamed it Dueling Banjos for Deliverance, he sued them and won substantial royalties. As well as being a musician, Smith also ran a recording studio and record labels and had a successful career as a radio and TV presenter. The Arthur Smith Show, on WBTV, was syndicated across the US and ran for 32 years. He was nicknamed Arthur "Guitar Boogie" Smith after the title of his breakthrough tune, which became a hit around the world. In Liverpool in 1957, a young Paul McCartney played it during his first concert with The Quarrymen, who went on to become The Beatles. But nerves got the better of McCartney, who made a mess of it. "I was just too frightened," he later said. "It was too big a moment with everyone looking at the guitar player. I couldn't do it. That's why George was brought in."
The 25-year-old England international has played just twice since he picked up the injury in the 2-1 loss to Manchester United on 22 March. "Just want to let the world know I've had a successful operation on my hip and I want to thank God for allowing that to be possible," Sturridge said. "Onwards and upwards from here. Thanks for the support." Sturridge scored 24 goals from 33 appearances last season but has been blighted by injuries this term, appearing in only 18 matches. It is the second time this season he has travelled to the States in an attempt to rectify his fitness problems. Towards the end of a five-month absence with a thigh problem sustained on international duty in early September - which was then followed by a calf strain - he spent 10 days in Los Angeles as part of his rehabilitation. The striker has not featured since playing 85 minutes of the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn on 8 April. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers last week said the club's medical team believed they had made a breakthrough in the diagnosis of Sturridge's injuries, which the player has previously suggested may be hereditary. "I think we have found some underlying issues that maybe relate to Daniel's problems this season and the ongoing ones he's had," Rodgers said.
The singer appeared on stage clutching the sparkly stationery for a production of Dick Whittington a day after returning from television commitments in Australia. The star told ITV's Loose Women the clipboard was for "safety reasons" to make sure she hit technical cues. She said producers at the the Milton Keynes theatre were "adamant about it". "They made me feel really comfortable about it. They were just - 'Go on, let the audience know that it's your first time even standing on the stage and just have fun with it'," she said. "The audience were lovely and the cast were amazing and everyone was really supportive, but I did know my lines." Ms Solomon said the show's producers knew she would not be available for rehearsals because of presenting commitments in Australia for ITV show I'm a Celebrity. "I landed, I woke up the next day, took the boys to school, went into panto," she said. "I'd had no rehearsals. The company were well aware and ... really supportive of the fact that I was going to be working up until the day that it started and they still wanted me to do it." She was grateful to co-presenter and boyfriend Joe Swash, who waded in to defend her on Twitter after criticism from EastEnders actor Aaron Sidwell. She said: "I'm so glad I've got such an amazing boyfriend."
Hull keeper Eldin Jakupovic saved two penalties after the hosts had played the whole of extra time with 10 men following Dieumerci Mbokani's dismissal. Newcastle had taken the lead in extra time when Mohamed Diame prodded home Vurnon Anita's cross to score against his former club. The lead lasted a minute, Robert Snodgrass equalising after Matz Sels had spilled Markus Henriksen's shot into his path. Mbokani was sent off in the 89th minute for lunging forward with his head at Jamaal Lascelles. The tie only came to life in extra time, the first 90 minutes featuring just two shots on target. Newcastle have now lost nine of their 10 penalty shootouts in all competitions, yet Rafael Benitez's side will be wondering why they did not win the tie in 120 minutes. They had 32 shots in that time, but their finishing was as wayward as their penalties. Jonjo Shelvey set the tone for Newcastle's spot-kick nightmare when his attempt was kept out by Jakupovic. Hull's first penalty fell to Snodgrass and he made no mistake, before Dwight Gayle hit the bar with his attempt for Newcastle. Skipper Michael Dawson made it 2-0 before Christian Atsu scored for Newcastle. Tom Huddlestone made it 3-1, and Hull's players and fans were celebrating a first EFL Cup semi-final appearance when Jakupovic kept out Yoan Gouffran's tame attempt. Hull had just one shot on target in normal time, and their hopes of reaching the semi-finals looked over when Mbokani was sent off. The forward, on loan from Dynamo Kiev, kicked out and pushed Lascelles before lunging forward at the Newcastle defender with his head. The 31-year-old has appeared in five league games since arriving at the end of August. He now faces a three-match ban - something Hull could do without as they look to climb away from the Premier League relegation zone. Hull City boss Mike Phelan: "This is the furthest the club has ever been and the players are really pleased. "For this football club, it's a tremendous achievement. Hopefully we can go one step further now." Newcastle manager Rafael Benitez: "The way that we played we deserved to score goals in the first half and in extra time. Then when we did score the goal we didn't manage the situation. "It's something you learn with experience. Maybe we will do a little better the next time we have this many chances." Newcastle have little time to dust themselves down. The Magpies return to Championship action on Friday away to Nottingham Forest (19:45 GMT). Middlesbrough await Hull in the Premier League at the Riverside next Monday (20:00 GMT). Match ends, Hull City 1(3), Newcastle United 1(1). Penalty Shootout ends, Hull City 1(3), Newcastle United 1(1). Penalty saved! Yoan Gouffran (Newcastle United) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  right footed shot saved  in the bottom left corner. Goal!  Hull City 1(3), Newcastle United 1(1). Tom Huddlestone (Hull City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Goal!  Hull City 1(2), Newcastle United 1(1). Christian Atsu (Newcastle United) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the high centre of the goal. Goal!  Hull City 1(2), Newcastle United 1. Michael Dawson (Hull City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Penalty missed! Still  Hull City 1(1), Newcastle United 1. Dwight Gayle (Newcastle United) hits the bar with a right footed shot. Goal!  Hull City 1(1), Newcastle United 1. Robert Snodgrass (Hull City) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the top right corner. Penalty saved! Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  right footed shot saved  in the bottom right corner. Penalty Shootout begins Hull City 1, Newcastle United 1. Second Half Extra Time ends, Hull City 1, Newcastle United 1. Attempt missed. DeAndre Yedlin (Newcastle United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. Attempt blocked. Yoan Gouffran (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Jamaal Lascelles. Attempt blocked. Mohamed Diamé (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt missed. Dwight Gayle (Newcastle United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Christian Atsu with a headed pass. Attempt missed. Achraf Lazaar (Newcastle United) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Jonjo Shelvey following a corner. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Michael Dawson. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Josh Tymon. Attempt missed. Markus Henriksen (Hull City) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Adama Diomande following a set piece situation. Attempt missed. David Meyler (Hull City) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left following a set piece situation. Foul by Mohamed Diamé (Newcastle United). Adama Diomande (Hull City) wins a free kick on the left wing. Attempt missed. Dwight Gayle (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Christian Atsu. Substitution, Newcastle United. DeAndre Yedlin replaces Vurnon Anita. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Michael Dawson. Attempt blocked. Yoan Gouffran (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Jamaal Lascelles (Newcastle United) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Jonjo Shelvey with a cross. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Josh Tymon. Attempt saved. Dwight Gayle (Newcastle United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Christian Atsu with a cross. Second Half Extra Time begins Hull City 1, Newcastle United 1. Substitution, Newcastle United. Daryl Murphy replaces Isaac Hayden. First Half Extra Time ends, Hull City 1, Newcastle United 1. Attempt missed. Josh Tymon (Hull City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Robert Snodgrass. Foul by Ciaran Clark (Newcastle United). Michael Dawson (Hull City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt blocked. Yoan Gouffran (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Isaac Hayden (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by David Meyler. Attempt missed. Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Mohamed Diamé. Goal!  Hull City 1, Newcastle United 1. Robert Snodgrass (Hull City) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal.
He was selected to fight the South Basildon and East Thurrock seat after ex-Tory MP Neil Hamilton pulled out. In a recording obtained by the Mail On Sunday, Mr Smith made offensive remarks about gay people, other UKIP members and Chigwell in Essex. He later issued a "wholehearted and unreserved apology". UKIP leader Nigel Farage told BBC News that Mr Smith had resigned "by mutual consent", and described his behaviour as "loutish and wholly inappropriate". He said UKIP had had "great difficulty" with the Basildon selection, adding: "The party has got to grip this and sort it out, in short order". Mr Farage also said UKIP's national executive committee had the power to impose a candidate if it wanted. UKIP hopes to make a serious challenge for the South Basildon and East Thurrock seat in the forthcoming general election, in which it is seeking to win a handful of seats and potentially hold the balance of power. But Mr Smith's resignation, four days after he was re-adopted as a candidate, capped a week of negative headlines for the party. Mr Hamilton pulled out of contention for the seat amid questions raised by the party over his expenses while another candidate, Natasha Bolter, withdrew amid an investigation into allegations she made against Mr Bird, whose job is to vet election candidates. Following his resignation on Sunday, Mr Smith said in a statement: "I want the best for South Basildon and Thurrock and I want to see the real issues discussed that touch the lives of people. "Therefore I have chosen to resign so that UKIP can win this seat next May." A parliamentary candidate resigns having tried blaming his racist comments on taking painkillers. This comes days after an alleged sex scandal at UKIP Head Office in which the party's chief executive did - or did not - sleep with another candidate. Meantime a wealthy donor is said to be threatening to stop funding the party if his friend doesn't get a seat. You may think that UKIP's week of bad headlines is just a diverting soap opera. You may think it simply shows the growing pains of Britain's fastest growing political force. You may think it has no significance at all. If so, you'd be wrong. Read Nick's full blog During the recorded conversation, Mr Smith talks about UKIP's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) group. He can be heard jokingly referring to it as BLT UKIP, and adds "what the old poofter groups call themselves". He jokes about "shooting peasants" from the Essex town of Chigwell and supporting "a peasant's hunt through Chigwell village". A UKIP spokesman confirmed to the BBC that Mr Smith had apologised to Mr Farage for allegations made against him during the phone call - which Mr Smith has since retracted. UKIP MEP Steven Woolfe, the party's immigration spokesman, said that "racist and homophobic language" would not be tolerated. "When there is someone who has come out and expressed these type of views, which I abhor and dislike intensely, we have acted rapidly and we have got them out," he told Radio 4's Today programme. UKIP's candidates, he claimed, were "ordinary people" who did not have the media training that their political rivals had and sometimes had to be "guided". But he insisted the way the party was dealing with problems as they arose showed how it had matured. "What we have seen over the last ten days is that UKIP has grown up rather dramatically," he added. Mr Smith stood for UKIP in the Basildon seat in 2010, where he came fourth behind the Conservatives, Labour and the Lib Dems. But the party now regards the seat as one that it could possibly win and the selection process is now likely to be re-opened. After Mr Hamilton withdrew his candidacy for the Basildon seat earlier this week, Channel 4 reported seeing a letter from UKIP's finance committee querying expenses claims made by him. Mr Hamilton, UKIP's deputy chairman, said his decision to withdraw from the Basildon selection process was nothing to do with expenses, but that it was a UKIP "dirty trick" to stitch him up.
Rob Davies, 32 from Brecon, and his fellow Welshmen won their first three matches in the round-robin stage. In the final Italy won the doubles 3-2, but Matthews levelled the tie with a 3-1 win against Federico Falco. Rob Davies then secured gold with 3-0 win against Andrea Borgato. Elsewhere in the British Para Table Tennis Team, Aaron McKibbin and Ross Wilson took silver in the men's class 8. Megan Shackleton, 18, and her Russian team partner Aleksandra Vasileva took silver in the women's class 4-5, and there were bronze medals for Paul Karabardak and Martin Perry in the men's class 6. Further bronzes followed for Will Bayley and Billy Shilton in the men's class 8, and Ashley Facey Thompson and his German partner Yannick Ruddenklau in the men's class 9. Find out how to get into table tennis with our special guide.
Officers are investigating whether one of the men fell from a 12th floor balcony of the 19-storey Donside Court, in the Tillydrone area of the city. Emergency services were called to the building at about 20:15 on Tuesday evening. A witness has described hearing a woman screaming "help me, help me" before police arrived. Police Scotland said it believed the incident was contained and there was not a threat to the wider community. A blue forensics tent had been erected inside a police cordon at the foot of the building, close to the main entrance. An eyewitness said they saw a man fall from the 12th floor of the building, which police confirmed they were pursuing as a line of inquiry. Another witness, Toni Dey, 19, who lives a short distance away in Gordon's Mills Road, said she heard screaming from the block. The mother of two said: "I heard some girl screaming 'Help me, help me', then about 10 minutes after I heard loads of screaming and shouting. "I didn't call the police as I thought it was kids messing around, then I heard loads of police. "It's very scary to think that something like that had happened. All I kept thinking was 'Why was that poor girl shouting help me?', and about a two-minute walk out my back door. "I just moved in here in May and it's been so quiet. I was shocked to hear anything as I never normally do." Another woman told BBC Scotland that she had known one of the men involved, describing him as a "nice boy". Det Supt Dave McLaren said further information about the incident would be released in due course. "At this time the investigation is in its very early stages," he said. "However, the circumstances as they present at this time would indicate that this is a contained incident and we are not looking for any other person in relation to the deaths." Police dismissed reports on social media that a police officer had been injured and said there was no suggestion the incident was terrorism-related. Neighbour Susan Smith said police initially went up to the flat carrying what looked like a battering ram. "There were loads and loads of police cars. I've never seen so many police cars. Four ambulance vans," she said. "They took a lassie out and they were still trying to give the guy CPR. Then they put a tent up and the next thing forensics arrived. "The police actually went in with a great thing like a battering ram at one point. Then they went in with stretchers and a chair thing - and came out with them empty." Councillor Martin Greig, chairman of Aberdeen Community Safety Partnership, said: "There will be families grieving profoundly at this terrible news. "Our sympathies are with those who have lost loved ones. "The local community and the city will share feelings of shock at this violent incident."
The veteran striker drilled home from Jordan Marshall's corner and pounced on a rebound to make it 2-0 at the break. John Rankin added to the lead with a tap in before Chris O'Neil pulled one back in the 75th minute. Lyndon Dykes restored the hosts' three-goal cushion almost immediately, chipping goalkeeper Graeme Smith to put the game beyond doubt. Match ends, Queen of the South 4, Brechin City 1. Second Half ends, Queen of the South 4, Brechin City 1. Substitution, Queen of the South. Jesse Akubuine replaces Kyle Jacobs. Jack Leighfield (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Paul McLean (Brechin City). Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen of the South). Kalvin Orsi (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Brechin City. Elliot Ford replaces Chris O'Neil. Goal!  Queen of the South 4, Brechin City 1. Lyndon Dykes (Queen of the South) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left to the high centre of the goal. Corner,  Queen of the South. Conceded by Sean Crighton. Goal!  Queen of the South 3, Brechin City 1. Chris O'Neil (Brechin City) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Ally Love. Foul by Kyle Jacobs (Queen of the South). Finn Graham (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Andy Stirling (Queen of the South) wins a free kick on the right wing. John Rankin (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed. Kyle Jacobs (Queen of the South) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Foul by Chris O'Neil (Brechin City). Foul by Finn Graham (Brechin City). Attempt missed. Shaun Rooney (Queen of the South) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Substitution, Brechin City. Jordan Sinclair replaces Gary Fusco. Substitution, Brechin City. Kalvin Orsi replaces Isaac Layne. Corner,  Queen of the South. Conceded by Willie Dyer. Attempt saved. Derek Lyle (Queen of the South) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Chris O'Neil (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Andy Stirling (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Chris O'Neil (Brechin City). Attempt saved. John Rankin (Queen of the South) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Foul by John Rankin (Queen of the South). Andrew Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jordan Marshall (Queen of the South). Andrew Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. Substitution, Queen of the South. Andy Stirling replaces Daniel Carmichael. Goal!  Queen of the South 3, Brechin City 0. John Rankin (Queen of the South) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Willie Dyer (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen of the South). Ally Love (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. Attempt missed. Andrew Jackson (Brechin City) left footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen of the South). Finn Graham (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Queen of the South. Conceded by Sean Crighton.
The House of Representatives passed the measure unanimously two days after the Senate approved it. Hamid Aboutalebi was a part of the Muslim student group that seized the US embassy in Tehran in 1979. The White House has told Iran Mr Aboutalebi was "not viable" but has not taken a position on the bill. Fifty-two Americans were held for 444 days at the height of Iran's Islamic revolution, which saw pro-American Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi sent into exile and Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini take power. Mr Aboutalebi, who previously served as Iran's ambassador to Belgium, the European Union, Italy and Australia, told Iranian media his participation in the hostage crisis began only after the initial seizure of the embassy, and primarily involved translation. On Thursday, White House spokesman Jay Carney said, "We've made clear and have communicated to the Iranians that the selection they've put forward is not viable." But he declined to say whether President Barack Obama would sign the bill into law. The Iranian government, meanwhile, has called the US rejection of Mr Aboutalebi "not acceptable". The bill passed on Thursday in the House denies entry into the US to individuals engaged in espionage or terrorism or who pose a threat to national security. Senator Ted Cruz, the Texas Republican who introduced the legislation in the US Senate, urged Mr Obama to sign the bill. "We, as a country, can send an unequivocal message to rogue nations like Iran that the United States will not tolerate this kind of provocative and hostile behaviour," Mr Cruz said. The bill's sponsor in the House, Republican Doug Lamborn, said, "Terrorists, from Iran or elsewhere, should not be allowed to walk the streets of Manhattan with diplomatic immunity." As the host country of the United Nations, the US has previously but rarely denied entry to an envoy or head of state. Those included a previous Iranian diplomat and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir. In those cases the applications were withdrawn after the US signalled opposition, or the state department simply declined to process the visas. Those options are available in Mr Aboutalebi's case. On Monday, Iranian foreign ministry spokeswoman Marzieh Afkham told state-run media he had previously received a US visa as part of a visit to the UN in the 1990s. In an interview with an Iranian news site, Mr Aboutalebi said he was not part of the group that took over the US embassy and was only later asked to translate for the students. Others involved in the hostage-taking have corroborated that account.
ScottishPower Renewables' Kilgallioch development will straddle the border of South Ayrshire and Dumfries and Galloway. The company has signed an agreement with Spanish firm Gamesa to supply turbines to the site near New Luce. Delivery of the 96 turbines is expected to begin in February 2016. The site is expected to be completed in early 2017. Keith Anderson, CEO of ScottishPower Renewables, said: "Kilgallioch wind farm will become our second largest wind farm in the UK and this year marks a real milestone as we approach 2 GW of installed onshore wind capacity - enough to power more than one million homes. "We are delighted to reach this agreement with Gamesa, and we look forward to work commencing on the site next month." The firm has previously claimed the development could meet the energy needs of more than 130,000 homes and its construction will create about 200 jobs. Meanwhile, SSE has confirmed that it has completed the sale of three Scottish wind farms to Blue Energy for an undisclosed sum. Blue Energy will now have responsibility for constructing the Whiteside Hill and Blackcraig developments in Dumfries and Galloway, and Cour wind farm in Argyll. All three have planning consent.
He walked alone and in silence around the concentration and extermination camp in what was Nazi-occupied Poland where 1.1 million people, mostly Jews, were killed. Pope Francis also met elderly survivors of the camp, kissing them on the cheeks and speaking to them softly. He is on his third day of a visit marking 1,050 years since Poland's adoption of Christianity. Francis has become the third Pope to walk through the main gate of Auschwitz, under its infamous inscription "Arbeit Macht Frei" - work sets you free. But unlike his German and Polish predecessors, he is not speaking about the horrors that occurred there, says the BBC's Adam Easton in Warsaw. Francis passed under the gates alone, wearing white robes and skullcap. After meeting the survivors, he placed a candle at the Death Wall, where prisoners were executed by the Nazis, before continuing on his own. The Pope stopped to pray at the prison cell of Maximilian Kolbe, a Polish Catholic friar who sacrificed his life to save that of another man. The Church made him a saint in 1982. Pope Francis knelt for many minutes in the underground cell, illuminated only by the light from a tiny window, the Associated Press news agency reports. The Argentine Pope is on a five-day trip to Poland. During a World Youth Day rally in the southern city of Krakow on Thursday, he urged compassion for migrants. He told hundreds of thousands of people that "a merciful heart opens up to welcome refugees and migrants" - a statement that puts him at odds with Poland's anti-immigrant right-wing government.
English Heritage has organised the trek on horseback and foot from York to East Sussex to mark the 950th anniversary of the famous clash. The volunteers will arrive on the battlefield 950 years to the day since Harold fought William of Normandy. Nigel Amos, leader of the march for English Heritage, said it was a "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity". King Harold defeated a Viking army at the Battle of Stamford Bridge in East Yorkshire, on 25 September, 1066, before travelling south to face the Normans. On 14 October, he fought and was killed at the Battle of Hastings. William then seized the English throne. Emily Sewell, head of events for English Heritage, said 1066 and the Battle of Hastings was "one of the most famous battles and most transformative years in English history". Nigel Amos, who is leading the march on behalf of English Heritage, added: "There's nothing like a personal experience to understand what it was like and offer an even more authentic window on that world to inspire and inform others."
"No matter what I did, I always felt I was fighting a losing battle," he said. But Burgess said he had not been badly treated by England and refused to blame coach Stuart Lancaster. The 26-year-old, who joined Bath last October, re-signed for the South Sydney Rabbitohs last week. He was part of England's squad for the Rugby World Cup, in which they were eliminated at the group stage, and played in the hosts' crucial 28-25 defeat by Wales. Burgess said criticism directed at him following his performance in that match had contributed to his feeling of unease in rugby union. "A lot of people outside the England camp had an agenda against both England and, in some circumstances, me," he wrote in the Daily Mail. "This was an upsetting factor to me, that people who are supposed to love the game are actually tearing it to shreds. "Some ex-players just kept letting rip. It's almost like they don't want anyone else to do well in the jersey. I didn't want to stay in a sport like that." Burgess also said he had not found the 15-man code as enjoyable as rugby league. "I want to spend the rest of my career playing the game that's in my heart," said Burgess, who played 21 games for Bath as a blind-side flanker after switching codes last year. "What makes me love [rugby league] is the physical battle of it; I never found myself reaching that point [in union]. "My heart just isn't in [rugby union], and if my heart's not in it then [Bath and England] won't get the best performances from me." He said he was satisfied with his displays at the World Cup and believed coach Lancaster had been unfairly criticised after the team's early exit. Burgess, whose selection for the World Cup squad ahead of the established Luther Burrell reportedly caused disquiet in the England camp, said his decision to quit union had dismayed his international and club team-mates. "I wanted to go in and see [the Bath squad], but Stuart Hooper, our captain, said he didn't think I'd be well received there, which was fair enough," he said.
Wayan Sudarsa's body was found on Bali's Kuta beach on 17 August with head and neck wounds. Sara Connor, 46, and her British boyfriend David James Taylor, 33, are both on trial for Mr Sudarsa's murder. In court on Tuesday, his widow Ketut Arsini said she would not accept "even a cent" from Ms Connor. The Australian woman read extracts to the Denpasar hearing of a handwritten letter she had sent to Ms Arsini offering 25m rupiah (Â£1500; $1900). "I am not a rich person but to express my sympathy and my sadness I would like you to accept a donation of 25 million rupiah to help you and your children in this difficult moment," Ms Connor said. People in the courtroom applauded when Ms Arsini said she did not want any money. "I want the court to give the maximum punishment that fits what she did, based on Indonesian laws," Ms Arsini said. Ms Connor again claimed her innocence, saying she tried to separate Mr Taylor and Mr Sudarsa after they began fighting over her missing handbag. She told Ms Arsini she felt "great pain" over the tragedy. "I'm deeply sorry for you and your family now left alone without Mr Sudarsa to care for you and your children. You have been always in my prayers," Ms Connor said. Both Ms Connor and Mr Taylor face up to 15 years in jail if they are found guilty of murder. The British man is scheduled to appear in court on Thursday. Bali is a popular destination for Western tourists, known for its tropical climate and palm-fringed beaches. Petty crime is common on the resort island, though more serious crime is rare.
King's has been collaborating with Technische UniversitÃ¤t Dresden on a research initiative, known as Transcampus, since 2015. But, according to Times Higher Education, an "offshore King's College Europe" is now on the cards. King's College confirmed that it was discussing potential further collaborations with TU Dresden. The two institutions already offer 10 joint professorships and several joint PhD programmes through Transcampus. However, its dean, Prof Stefan Bornstein, has told Times Higher Education that plans for the new King's campus are already "in the process". Prof Bornstein, who is director and chairman of TU Dresden's department of medicine and an honorary consultant in diabetes and endocrinology at King's, said the plan would allow King's to have a presence in Europe and maintain access to European research funding post-Brexit. Likewise, he said, TU Dresden would benefit from increased ties to London, one of the "leading academic centres in the world". Prof Bornstein said the new campus would hopefully run new undergraduate courses "linked to innovation and the needs of industry and society". The aim would be to recruit leading scholars from around the world, he added. Prof Bornstein said the Transcampus project had been envisaged before the EU referendum but admitted that it had become "a lot more interesting" since the vote. "We cannot allow things that have developed for so many years in a positive way [to be] hampered by political decisions that actually nobody wanted," he said. "It's a nice way to have a solution to get around this very stupid Brexit idea." A number of UK universities are believed to be considering opening branch campuses in Europe after Brexit - though earlier this year Oxford University rejected reports that it was in talks to open a Paris campus. Prof Bornstein said he would expect the Transcampus model to be replicated by other universities in the UK and Europe, but stressed that the key was a long history of collaboration between researchers at the two institutions. In a statement, King's said the university valued the Transcampus initiative "which demonstrates the success of cross-national and institutional links". "We will continue to work together in various fields on research and exchange and discuss potential further collaborations."
The 19-year-old centre, a graduate of the Exiles' academy, has scored four tries in his first three appearances. Two of those came on his Premiership debut against Wasps in front of a crowd of more than 42,000 at Twickenham. "Scoring at Twickenham, it's something I've dreamed about since I started playing at the age of six," he said. But, the Reading-born inside centre is keeping his feet firmly on the ground as he targets both a continued run in Tom Coventry's side and a first Premiership win of the season for Irish. "We've been unlucky with injuries in the centre and I've been given a shot," he told BBC Sport. "I know those players are coming back and they're fantastic, but I'd love to keep the number 12 shirt and I hope I do. "For me, it's about getting this experience and trying to be the best player that I can." Williams, who has already represented England at under-17 and under-18 level, is now hoping to break through into the under-20 squad. His brace against Wasps caught the national for the first time, but he still found fault in his own performance. "I don't think I carried the ball as much as I have in previous games," Williams said. "I made a lot of tackles as we spent a lot of time without the ball. It was a fantastic occasion with lots of friends of family, but it was a shame about the result."
In a thinly veiled attack on president Sepp Blatter's leadership, Michael Garcia reiterated the need for "greater transparency". "The investigation and adjudication process operates in most parts unseen and unheard," continued Garcia. He added that the organisation needs a "leadership that sends a message that the rules apply to everyone". Talking about the current investigation process, Garcia said: "That's a kind of system which might be appropriate for an intelligence agency but not for an ethics compliance process in an international sports institution that serves the public and is the subject of intense public scrutiny." American lawyer Garcia concluded his lengthy investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding process last month and handed his report to Fifa's ethics adjudicator Hans Joachim Eckert, but he is disappointed by the world governing body's insistence on keeping his report confidential. In a keynote speech at an event organised by the American Bar Association in London, Garcia added: "The natural next step of the development of an effective ethics process at Fifa is greater transparency. "The second element that is vital to fulfilling the promise of this reform process is tone at the top. "More simply put, the second element an institution like Fifa needs in order to meet the challenge of ethics enforcement is leadership. An ethics committee - even a serious, independent ethics committee backed by a strong code of ethics - is not a silver bullet. "What is required is leadership that sends a message that the rules apply to everyone; leadership that wants to understand and learn from any mistakes or mis-steps the ethics committee may have identified; leadership that makes it clear to everyone - this is what we've set up the ethics committee to do, this is why they do it, and this is what they've done. "It's that kind of leadership that breathes the life into a code of ethics. Because true reform doesn't come from rules or creating new committee structures. It comes from changing the culture of the organisation." Garcia's views on publishing the report have been supported by a number of Fifa executives, including Uefa president Michel Platini and Britain's representative Jim Boyce. But Fifa president Blatter insists the contents of the report must remain confidential, and that no member of his executive committee made a specific request when the issue was raised in a meeting earlier this month. Garcia said other sports organisations have already demonstrated the value of transparency, highlighting the publication of a report into allegations concerning the 2002 Winter Olympics being awarded to Salt Lake City, which allowed the International Olympic Committee to "move forward". He added: "We have seen that recently with the NFL where a lack of transparency in its initial investigation concerning Ray Rice fostered scepticism and questions about the integrity of its leadership. Now the NFL has has to bring in outside counsel to investigate the investigation. "Notably, the NFL has made clear the results of the new investigation will indeed be made public. "That in turn would help foster a culture of compliance internally and would promote more confidence in the system from the public, its partners and the millions of fans who follow and love the game." Garcia said the aim of transparency is not "to embarrass certain individuals" or "harm the organization", but rather the opposite. "It's one thing to tell people that a rigorous process is in place. It's another thing to show them how that process works and what it has uncovered," he explained. "Fifa built the system that should inspire confidence that things have changed for the better. Showing that to the public serves Fifa's best interest."
Davina Ayrton, 34, admitted being sentenced for having the images in 2014, but denies committing rape in a garage in Portsmouth in 2004. The girl, aged 15 at the time, met Ms Ayrton, then called David, on the day of the attack, the jury was told. Portsmouth Crown Court also heard the girl had run away from home. Ms Ayrton, who has a son, admitted being previously sentenced at Bournemouth Crown Court in January last year. When Ann-Marie Talbot, representing Ms Ayrton, asked her why she entered guilty pleas, she replied: "Because I was guilty of them." Ms Ayrton admitted being in the garage in the autumn of 2004 and drinking four cans of Foster's beer but denied drinking vodka because, she said: "I was on benefits at the time and didn't have enough money". The attack is alleged to have taken place while two other people were asleep nearby. The teenager, who cannot be identified, said she had "only drunk a can and a half of Foster's" and clearly recollected the events. The court heard that Ms Ayrton has learning difficulties and told a worker at the care home where she lives in Fordingbridge, Hampshire, about the incident in 2014. But she denied confessing to the care worker that she was a paedophile, or saying: "I have always known there was something wrong with me and I need help." Ms Talbot asked the defendant about her sexuality, and whether she had "made any physical changes or enhancements" to her body or was taking any medication. The defendant replied "No, I have not" and said she changed her name in 2012. Ms Ayrton denies one charge of rape between October and November 2004. The trial continues.
Rooney, 31, played 559 times for United, scoring 253 goals. He won five Premier League titles and each of the Champions League, Europa League and FA Cup once after joining from Everton for £27m in 2004. Rooney, who has signed a two-year deal, said he was "ecstatic" and his "first game back will be an emotional day". "It's a great feeling to be back. I cannot wait to meet the lads, get on the training pitch and then get on the pitch to play," he added. Rooney's return comes as United look set to sign Everton striker Romelu Lukaku, with a £75m deal for the Belgium international agreed between the two clubs. Everton confirmed Rooney will wear the number 10 shirt previously worn by Lukaku. "I'm not just coming back because it's the team I support, the team I grew up playing for - I'm coming back because I feel the club can move forward and be successful," said Rooney, who scored 17 goals in 77 games in his first spell at Goodison. "I want to be part of it. There will be pressure on me to perform, but I'm ready to go. I believe I can help move this club forward and be more successful on the pitch." Rooney says when he spoke to Everton manager Ronald Koeman, he "saw it in his eyes that he wanted me to be part of his team". He added: "It was a no-brainer for me and the only place I was going to go." Rooney said he told his agent Paul Stretford to "go and speak to them, let's make it happen" when he found out Everton were interested in signing him and it "was obvious I was going to be leaving Manchester United this summer". "There were other options there but once I knew that Everton wanted me to come back then it was the only option for me," he added. Media playback is not supported on this device Koeman began talking about Rooney's potential return as far back as October, stating he would be "pleased" to sign England's all-time leading goalscorer. On Sunday, he said: "Wayne has shown me that ambition that we need and that winning mentality - he knows how to win titles and I'm really happy he's decided to come home. "He loves Everton and he was desperate to come back. He is still only 31 and I don't have any doubts about his qualities. It's fantastic he's here. "We have a lot of young players and sometimes in life you need somebody who you look up to, who you learn from. That was also one of the messages when we spoke about on and off the pitch what his function will be in the team. "One of the functions for Wayne is to show the rest of the team why he is - and still is - that player." Rooney, who was often left out of United's starting line-up by manager Jose Mourinho last season, appeared in 25 league games - the fewest he has played in one season. His total of eight goals in all competitions was also the lowest of his career. He also lost his place in the England squad, but has not retired from international duty and needs six more caps to equal goalkeeper Peter Shilton's all-time record of 125 appearances. Rooney was an unused substitute as United beat Southampton to win the EFL Cup in February, and made only a brief appearance at the end of the Europa League final victory over Ajax in May. In his 13 seasons with United, he finished as top scorer five times and shared the honour with Cristiano Ronaldo in another campaign. He was also named fans' player of the year twice. "It is no secret that I have long been an admirer of Wayne," said Mourinho. "He has been a model professional throughout his time at the club and will remain in the history books for many years to come. "It is never easy to see a great player playing less football than he would like and I could not stand in his way when he asked to go back to Everton. "His experience, focus and determination will be missed and I wish him well for the future." Executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward added: "Who can forget his storybook debut hat-trick against Fenerbahce, the spectacular overhead kick against Manchester City and the countless match-winning performances in his time here? "But after much discussion, the club has decided to accept his request to rejoin his boyhood team." Media playback is not supported on this device Andy Mitten, editor of fanzine United We Stand: "The move is best for all parties. "Rooney will be remembered well by United fans when the dust settles, a club legend who scored more goals than anyone and was a leading light in one of United's greatest sides. "Reaching three European Cup finals in four years shows how good that team was. At his best, between 2004 and 2011, he was the finest British player of his generation. "Rooney's performances dropped, and being linked with Chelsea and Manchester City did his popularity no favours either, but he's scored some of the greatest goals I've ever seen. "As a journalist who has interviewed him several times over 12 years, I watched him mature, become more interesting and grow into being a respected Manchester United captain." Rooney was brought up by parents Jeanette and Wayne in the Croxteth area of Liverpool alongside brothers Graham and John, with all five members of the household avid Everton supporters. He joined the Toffees at the age of nine and quickly built a reputation as a precocious talent, scoring 114 goals in 29 matches for the under-10 and under-11 sides. David Moyes gave him his first-team debut in August 2002, and he quickly became a regular starter, scoring his first Premier League goal - a last-minute winner against Arsenal - five days before his 17th birthday. I've kept it quiet for the last 13 years, but I've actually been wearing Everton pyjamas at home with my kids. The goal led to Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger describing Rooney as "the biggest English talent I have seen since I arrived in this country". Wenger added: "He has everything you dream of for a front player - intelligent feet, quick reactions." Rooney became one of world football's highest-paid teenagers with his boyhood club, but handed in a transfer request in August 2004, leading to him being signed by Sir Alex Ferguson for what was the highest fee paid for a player under 20. Media playback is not supported on this device BBC Sport's Simon Stone: Rooney has been slowly eased out of the first team, without there being one single pressure point that signalled a change in Mourinho's thinking. The Portuguese has consistently backed Rooney in public - saying as recently as May that he would be "very happy" if the striker stayed at Old Trafford. But Rooney did not take the chances he was afforded by Mourinho last season, and that made his departure inevitable once Everton pursued their interest. Rooney signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract during the 2013-14 campaign, which included the option of a further season, but the Old Trafford club had no intention of triggering that clause. United have waived a fee and may also be funding part of Rooney's £13m wages. Media playback is not supported on this device Bill Kenwright was crying. 'They're stealing our boy, they're stealing our boy,' he told his mother. "He's one of those players that, whenever he gets the ball, something seems to happen." Then England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson, 2003. "Wayne is only 20 and without question the best young player I've ever seen." Then Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson, 2005. "Wayne Rooney is the golden boy of English football. Don't kill him because you will need him." Eriksson again, 2006. "We've done nothing but help him since he's been at this club. We cannot quite understand why he would want to leave." Ferguson again, 2010. "I think crazy things happen around him also. He is an impulsive guy like me. In football no-one is perfect. You learn from your mistakes and I like that with him. He is himself; I think that is very important. That is one English player I like more than anyone." Zlatan Ibrahimovic, 2013. "I felt he was struggling to get by people and had lost some of his old thrust. As time wore on, I felt he struggled more and more to do it for 90 minutes." Ferguson in his autobiography, 2013. Media playback is not supported on this device "He's been through that generation with the likes of Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard. He really feels like he's the dad figure if you like. He puts his arm around us, brings us together, gets us going." Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere, October 2014. "I miss playing with Rooney. Maybe we will play together again one day. He was so powerful, I was calling him 'Pitbull'. The power of Wayne Rooney is his mentality and strength and he never stops." Cristiano Ronaldo, 2015. "For me he is the great English player of the generation. What he is capable of doing on the field is very special, and he is one of the few players that would improve any squad in Europe." Barcelona and Argentina forward Lionel Messi, 2016. "Cristiano had an absolute desire to be the best individual in the world. Wayne would say: 'I want to be the world's best but I'll do it by being a team player.' That has not allowed him to be the 40-goals-a-season man he could have been." Former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand, 2017. United winger Jesse Lingard: "All the best skipper in the next chapter of your amazing career. Been an absolute pleasure and learned so much." United midfielder Ander Herrera: "One day I will be able to tell my grandkids I played with you. All the best and thank you." Former United defender Gary Neville: "All the best Wayne Rooney and congratulations on a great United career. The best striker I played with and saw at the club." Rooney's wife, Coleen: "The time has come to leave Man Utd .... 13 great years at the club! Thank you all for making our family so welcome and treating us so well." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
His journey towards the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games as a para-canoeist has been one filled with life-changing obstacles and defined by a steely resolve. He began as a record-breaking junior world champion powerlifter. Then, after suffering a serious spinal injury, he embarked on an illustrious handcycling career. Marsden raced on the European circuit while based in the Czech Republic, before a neck problem again saw him admitted into the University Hospital of North Staffordshire in 2009 for what he thought was a prolapsed disc. Instead it was revealed that he suffers with a rare motor-neurone condition which affects his arms, legs and brain. "Through powerlifting I damaged my back many years ago, and after that I managed to damage my neck and had a couple of plates and (carbon) cage put in," the 44-year-old from Stoke-on-Trent told BBC East Midlands Today. In a matter-of-fact manner, Marsden says his sporting journey "has not been an easy one". When handcycling was no longer an option, he took up air rifle shooting and set his sights on London 2012, but while more representative honours came his way, he missed out on the Paralympics. Eventually, he turned to the water where he was able to combine aspects of his his first two sporting loves - powerlifting and handcycling - together in one explosive sport. "I didn't want to give up on sport," he said. "The cycling and powerlifting work quite well with the para-canoe - the gym work, the power and strength and then you have the endurance and speed work on the bike." The two-time para-canoe European champion and two-time world silver medallist now wants to realise his Paralympic ambition in Brazil when the British line-up is decided at the trials in Nottingham in June. "It would be the highlight of my sporting career," Marsden said. "As a kid I watched TV and watched the Olympics. I've seen how the Paralympics has built up over the years, from not really knowing what it was about to the status it has now, with athletes being household names. "It would be an honour to represent Great Britain at the Paralympics. "I'll be aiming for gold in Rio. There is no other place you want after all the hard work." At a warm weather training camp in Brazil, Marsden got a picture-perfect view of what he can look forward to if he does make the trip to Rio later this year. Taking a look at the city's regatta venue on the Lagoa Rodrigo de Freitas, the backdrop itself motivated him further. "It's a fantastic place," he said. "With Christ the Redeemer looking down on the regatta course, it has to be the best sporting location of any sport in the world." Interview by BBC East Midlands Today's Mark Shardlow. If you want to find out about how to get into canoeing, read our special guide.
Bringing together the major influences that shaped the city's cultural output Beirut-based curator and designer Rana Salam pinpoints the impact of external wars and civil conflict on design with an insider's eye for detail. The French mandate ended in 1943, after 23 years of colonial rule, ushering in the new republic. But it was in the 1950s that architecture, interior and product design flourished fusing European and Arab influences. The economic emphasis shifted from agriculture to industry, tourism and trade, creating a new skyline, and growing consumerism encouraged brand advertising. A 1960s poster (pictured) for Middle East Airlines, Lebanon's national carrier, which began flying the newly wealthy to international destinations. The French-designed poster suggests it's made of mosaic while appearing modern, and designer Jacques Auriac - also responsible for the creating iconic French cigarette packets - conjured up posters to destinations beyond the immediate region. Opening its doors in late 1967, the boutique L'Artisan du Liban et L'Orient was the response of May El Khoury, the wife of an eminent architect, to the trauma of defeat in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war. The defeat eroded confidence and left a profound impression on the Arab psyche. Modernising overlooked local crafts and selling them in a chic setting might be interpreted as an act of cultural activism. It softened the humiliation of military defeat for the middle classes, who were attracted to the new Arab aesthetic and to the idea of patriotism through ethical consumerism. The desire to create a contemporary Islamic architecture marked architect Assem Salam's early career in reaction to the 1967 war. Along with Pierre Khoury he felt the construction of specifically Lebanese-Arab religious buildings would revive spirits crushed by the defeat and designed the Khashoggi Mosque (pictured above). After the civil war he founded an association for the preservation of historic buildings seeking to slow down the rush to reconstruct Beirut at the cost of cultural heritage. The nightclub known as B 018 was designed by Bernard Khoury in 1998 in the Quarantaine, the Beirut neighbourhood that saw some of the worst atrocities during the conflict. It has its roots in the 1980s in the thick of the civil war when gatherings were held at a semi-secret location code named B 018. The circular lid covering the subterranean club looks like a helicopter landing pad from above. The lid can also be raised revealing activity below. Khoury claims that in the absence of public spaces above ground his club was designed not for entertainment but to bring people together for therapy. The Egg, a scarred reminder of the civil war, stands near Martyrs Square. It was originally planned to be a cinema at the heart of the largest leisure and shopping complex in the Middle East, part of a modernist, avant-garde architectural movement, but it was unfinished when the civil war broke out in 1975. Fierce fighting around the building left the edifice pock-marked but still standing. This iconic building occasionally hosts cultural events. The Basilica of the Cathedral of Harissa, designed by Pierre Khoury, is pictured at the top of the page. It stands on a hill overlooking a bay, next to an important Lebanese Christian pilgrimage site. The remarkable religious building was conceived with the idea of creating a stronger Christian identity after the 1967 war.
Possibly the worst headline I've ever written. But before I'm accused of completely failing to perform basic contractual duties, allow me to explain why those seven words are rather important. Since 2013, the BBC and almost every other leading news organisation in the UK has been locked in a bizarre battle to tell you the truth about Erol Incedal. "Who he?" I hear you ask. He's a student from London who was accused of preparing some kind of major terrorism plan. And then after two trials he was found not guilty of that allegation. But I can't tell you why. The prosecution of Erol Incedal has been, without a shadow of a doubt, the strangest criminal trial that those of us who report on the law have ever seen. Apologies. I meant to write "not really seen much of" because almost all of what happened was behind closed doors. And now the Court of Appeal has ruled that the unprecedented gagging order in the case will remain in place forever. Incedal was charged with another man, Mounir Rarmoul Bouhadjar, in October 2013. Rarmoul Bouhadjar admitted possessing bomb-making plans. Incedal denied the allegation, saying he had a reasonable excuse for holding them. In 2014, a jury convicted him of that, but they failed to agree whether he was guilty of a more serious charge of preparing an act of terrorism. At a retrial the following year, a fresh jury cleared him. I don't know why that jury cleared him. If I did, I couldn't tell you. Some of my colleagues do however know. But they can't tell me. Or you. They'd be in Contempt of Court and could end up in prison. Erol Incedal's trials involved an unprecedented level of secrecy in courts that are normally open to the public. There were brief periods of public evidence and then slightly longer periods when a group of accredited journalists were allowed in to listen to some of the mysterious evidence. The third and highest level of the case operated in complete secrecy, with the media totally banned. At the end of each secret session that journalists could attend, police took their notebooks and put them in a safe. Where are those notebooks now? You know that scene at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark in which anonymous officials lock away Indiana Jones's greatest discovery? You get the idea. And that's been the whole point of this legal battle - to try to find some way to peel the legal gaffer tape from my colleagues' mouths. At the earliest stage of proceedings in 2013, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) sought anonymity for the defendants. Both the home and foreign secretaries had raised concerns with the CPS. lt later told the trial judge, Mr Justice Nicol, that should the "factors of concern be ventilated in a public trial", the prosecution would be "presented with representations" to drop the charges on grounds of national security. Mr Justice Nicol ruled the case would be prosecuted "in camera". There would be a jury, as ever, but they would never be able to disclose what they heard. The Court of Appeal later modified that to allow journalists to attend some of the hearings - but with no guarantee that anything would ever become reportable. So given those journalists still can't speak, and Erol Incedal can't say why he was acquitted of preparing an act of terrorism, is this a massive outrage to justice in a democracy? Well, the Court of Appeal says not. The general principle is that justice must be seen to be done  - but the law also says there can be myriad good reasons to withhold information from the public - not least for the protection of vulnerable witnesses and victims. In the case of Erol Incedal, Lord Thomas, the Lord Chief Justice, said in Tuesday's Court of Appeal ruling the nature of the evidence was such that the trial judge had to lock the court's doors. He and two other senior judges ruled that the trial judge had rightly considered that the national security material in the case had to be protected at all costs. The Court of Appeal judgement recognises that secret hearings compromise the media's role in holding power to account: if justice cannot be seen to be done, how does one know if it is justice? Lord Thomas offers the suggestion that the Intelligence and Security Committee could fill some of that vacuum - although it is, also, a semi-secret body. So what happens now? While the media gag is legal, the subtext of the Court of Appeal judgement makes clear that it doesn't want courts to lightly enter into the unique arrangements seen in the Incedal case. Secondly, the judge fired a warning shot of sorts over the bows of MI5 and MI6. If the agencies were ordered in the future to disclose information for use in criminal trials, and the prosecutors want to go ahead, they cannot simply say no and remain in the shadows. On the face of it, that is a pretty obvious statement that government and its agencies are not above the law - but it is also a clear sign that the next time a case like this comes up, the very high legal test for withholding information from the public remains in play. Does that mean it will never happen again? Not at all. My instincts and experience make me suspect this won't be the last trial of its kind.
Ex-policeman Antony Lowry-Huws, 68, of Kinmel Bay, and Sheila Whalley, 70, of Abergele, were jailed in 2013 after duping lenders across north Wales. Lowry-Huws' wife Susan, 63, who got a suspended sentence, must pay back the largest amount of £75,790. The three were convicted of conspiracy to defraud along with two others. At a Proceeds of Crime Act hearing at Mold Crown Court, it was agreed Antony Lowry-Huws and Whalley made £4m each from their crimes. Lowry-Huws was ordered to repay £27,905, while developer Whalley will give back £18,350. His wife, who was said to be on the periphery of the scam and under the influence of her husband, benefited £896,351 and must pay back £75,790. During the trial, the court heard mortgage lenders were conned into lending thousands of pounds in mortgages on properties across north Wales, Cheshire and the north west of England. The prosecution said the deceit was achieved by inflating the value of the property used as security, hiding that in some cases no deposit was put down, or inflating the rental income potential to make the mortgage rate more acceptable. In some cases the homes on which mortgages were advanced did not exist.
The YouGov poll for The Times of 1,400 eligible voters put Mr Corbyn on 53%, 32 points ahead of Andy Burnham. The left-wing MP said his campaign was "going very well" but ballot papers had not yet been sent out. Alastair Campbell has warned Labour risks "driving itself off a cliff" if Mr Corbyn is elected. Tony Blair's former spokesman is urging support for "anyone but Corbyn" in the leadership vote, arguing that the Islington North MP could never win a general election. Mr Corbyn, a backbencher who was seen as a rank outsider at the start of the campaign, has been packing out meeting halls across the UK, with many of his supporters joining the Labour Party to vote for him. The party has gained 79,000 members since the general election and 145,000 registered supporters. If the findings of the YouGov poll were repeated in the leadership election, Mr Corbyn would win without the need for second preferences to be counted. YouGov president Peter Kellner said he "would personally be astonished if Corbyn does not end up as Labour's leader" despite voting not starting until Friday and the result not being declared until 12 September. But others were warning about reading too much into one poll, given the difficulties of carrying out a representative survey of Labour's membership and those who have signed up as party supporters. Joe Twyman, also from YouGov, cautioned that the poll was a snapshot and there was still "a lot to play for" for all of the candidates in the race. "The ballot papers haven't gone out, we've still got a month to go. What it shows to me is that there's a lot of movement on our previous poll and there still could be a lot of movement in the remaining four weeks," he told BBC Radio 4's World at One. A spokeswoman for Yvette Cooper's campaign said: "This does not reflect our extensive phone banking data, which does not suggest any single candidate will receive 50% of first preferences." Mr Corbyn told BBC Radio London his campaign was going "very well" but added: "We should be a little bit cautious." "There is still time for people to register as supporters and no ballot papers have been sent out yet", the Islington North MP added. Asked about Mr Campbell's criticism, he said the leadership contest was "very democratic". He said the large number of new Labour Party members was a "good thing", adding: "If they choose somebody, the leader that others don't like, well I think we have to accept the democratic process." But he described "Corbynmania" as a "bit embarrassing". Former Labour Welsh Secretary Peter Hain told the World at One he did not think Mr Corbyn would make a successful party leader, or lead Labour to victory in 2020 "unless there is some kind of major seismic change in British politics". But he said the choice of candidates on offer was "underwhelming", saying that Andy Burnham and Yvette Cooper,  who he described as "the most credible candidates", had failed to capture "the mood in the party". At-a-glance profiles of the four contenders Mr Campbell said on his blog that he thought Mr Corbyn was "an OK guy, a good MP, and his stance clearly chimes with many people's views of anti-austerity" but his ability to lead and hold the party together "is likely to be low". He added: "Once the pressures of real, difficult decisions and the day to day leadership of the main opposition kick in, I fear that activists currently cashing in on perceived 'betrayal' by past Labour leaders are going to end up feeling very badly let down." Mr Campbell was criticised by left wing Labour MP and former leadership hopeful Diane Abbott, with the two clashing on Twitter about Labour's record. On Monday Barry Sheerman became the latest Labour MP to call for the leadership contest to be "paused" over fears it had been infiltrated by supporters of other parties. These fears have been rejected by Labour, which says robust checks are in place.
Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness met David Cameron on Friday. There is no confirmation on the content of the talks, but it is understood they are likely to have covered financial matters related to the talks process. NI Secretary Theresa Villiers says she believes a deal is possible next week. Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has predicted that the talks at Stormont will conclude soon. The round-table talks between Northern Ireland's political parties are aimed at finding a resolution to the crisis at Stormont. The political row was triggered by a police assessment that IRA members were involved in the murder of former IRA man Kevin McGuigan Sr last month. Police said the IRA still existed, but added that it was not engaged in terrorism. Sinn Féin said the IRA has "left the stage". The talks are also focussing on the issue of welfare reform. The Northern Ireland parties had agreed on a welfare reform deal in December but Sinn Féin withdrew its support in March.
The 60-metre steel tube was called "dirty" and "gross" by critics, after Kapoor was quoted as saying it signified "the vagina of the queen who took power". The vandalism was discovered on Wednesday, and the work is currently being cleaned. Kapoor called the incident "a tragedy". Speaking to Le Figero, he said the vandals represented "a small fraction of people who have been told that any creative act is an endangerment of a sacred past, revered to the extreme." The installation, called Dirty Corner, sits in the grounds outside the palace, the home of Marie Antoinette, the 18th Century queen of France. He stressed to the newspaper he had never used the word "queen" to refer to the subject of the sculpture, and claimed he had been mis-quoted. Kapoor was originally quoted in a French interview saying the work signified "the vagina of the queen coming into power" - but later said the work was open to interpretation. "Inevitably, one comes across the body, our bodies and a certain level of sexuality. But it is certainly not the only thing it is about," he said. In a statement, the artist added: I am aware of the power of art and its ability to offend.  Dirty Corner is in some ways itself an act of artistic violence. "It attempts to lay bare the tidy surface of Le Notre's Versailles... It looks under the carpet of Le Notre's "Tapis Vert" and allows the uncomfortable, even the sexual. Kapoor is a former Turner Prize-winner whose work has been shown around the world. He is perhaps best known for the Orbital Tower at the heart of the Olympic Park in east London and for his Marsyas sculpture in the Turbine Hall of Tate Modern in London.
Andy Symonds and Cooper Vuna both went over for the hosts, either side of Neil de Kock's try for the league leaders. Two tries from Ashton and Samuela Vunisa gave the visitors a 29-14 lead at the break. Ashton and Ben Ransom touched down after half-time before Vuna claimed his second of the match. As well as playing in the final of European rugby's elite competition against French Top 14 side Racing 92 in Lyon on 14 May, Saracens must now also prepare for a Premiership semi-final against Leicester Tigers. Worcester, who have finished 10th in the table, are to follow in Sarries' footsteps by moving from playing on grass to an artificial pitch from the start of next season. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall: "We've led the Premiership for three out of the last four seasons. To get 80 points, without our internationals (who were) away for such a long period is a tremendous achievement, but the best is yet to come as we have a young squad. "Last week we played poorly in the first half against Newcastle but we were impressive today." Worcester Warriors director of rugby Dean Ryan: "They are an outstanding side - we struggled with their power and we need to increase depth in our squad if we are going to improve. "For the 15 minutes before half-time we were nowhere near, we struggled with our kicking game and kept feeding Alex Goode and we never laid a hand on him. "It's a stark reminder of the top and where we are. We have to bring more power into our squad." Warriors: Pennell; Heem, Symons, Mills, Vuna; Heathcote, Baldwin; Leleimalefaga, Annett, Schonert, O'Callaghan, Sanderson, Betty, Kirwan, Dowson (capt). Replacements: Bregvadze, Bower, Johnston, Hewitt, Cox, Mulchrone, Lamb, Grove. Saracens: Goode; Ashton, Bosch, Tompkins, Wyles; Hodgson (capt), de Kock; Barrington, George, Du Plessis, Kruis, Hamilton, Wray, Brown, Vunisa. Replacements: Saunders, Lamositele, Figallo, Smith, Fraser, Spencer, Streather, Ransom.
The tourists closed on 317-5 and, with a lot of batting to come against an inexperienced South African attack, they could still get a total that takes the home side out of the game. However, if they do, they will have done it the hard way, because the first-day performance with the bat was below their best, with too many players getting in, then getting out. All the talk surrounding England after their convincing win in the first Test concerned the prospect of them finding some consistency, particularly with the bat. Could they nail another good performance to put this series out of South Africa's reach? On this first day in Cape Town, they had the opportunity to do just that after winning the toss and batting first in ideal conditions on a good pitch. But too many of the top order - Alastair Cook, Alex Hales, Nick Compton and Joe Root - did the hard part and then got out. England want to play freely and busily, they want to be ticking along and that is a fair enough approach. But allied to that is the need to build a careful platform, especially when so many things are in your favour. In these conditions, four wickets down at the close would have been about right, so it can be argued that England lost one too many. That they ended the day with the upper hand was thanks to Stokes who, after a relatively lean spell, once again showed what a fine cricketer he is with an unbeaten 74. The Durham man is a proper all-rounder, always ready to contribute with bat and ball. If one part of his game isn't firing, then he will probably deliver with the other. On top of that, he is a brilliant fielder. Stokes is a fierce competitor and he further demonstrated that in the way he shredded the second new ball late in the day. South Africa had built up to that point, putting all their eggs in one basket in the hope that more wickets would come. For Stokes to then smash the ball around must have been pretty deflating. Yes, he took a chance, but he also created his own luck. He forced South Africa to remove their catchers and go on the defensive. It is performances like this that show Stokes to be a rarity in the world game. It's hard to think of many Test sides that have a genuine all-rounder in their ranks - Australia's Mitchell Marsh and Sri Lanka's Angelo Mathews are the only others that come to mind. That dearth of all-rounders shows just how lucky England are to have Stokes at their disposal. While Stokes has his career up and running, Hales is a man who is looking to do just that. After he made his debut in the first Test in Durban, I spoke of his need to learn from his mistakes, namely a waft outside off stump and a needless big shot. He did to some extent, making a maiden Test half-century, but there was some more uncertainty in the off-stump area. South Africa captain Hashim Amla got it quite wrong, opting for a deep square leg instead of a third catcher in the slips, especially when Hales was edging his way through the 40s. If I was an opposing captain, I'd use a packed off-side field to Hales and ask my bowlers to bowl a foot wide, because he will go for the ball eventually. That being said, he's got promise because he does hit the ball so well. He has played some wonderful innings in limited-overs cricket and he deserves credit for his effort here, where he got through the first session, made 60, then was pretty blameless in edging a good delivery from Morne Morkel. Yes, Hales has the potential to get out in frustrating ways, but he could also be very destructive for England if he finds his feet at Test level. He should be judged after this series. The mistakes against Hales were not the only time that Amla was guilty, with the South Africa skipper again just letting things happen, allowing the game to drift. That being said, he does have an inexperienced attack to work with, but pace bowler Kagiso Rabada impressed in only his fourth match, taking 3-74, including two wickets in two balls. The 20-year-old has a nice action, bowls with decent pace and could be even quicker if he uses his left arm more. It was the pace bowlers who shared the five wickets for South Africa today, but the most telling delivery may have been bowled by off-spinner Dane Piedt. Some sharp turn fooled Jonny Bairstow, who was beaten between bat and pad and fortunate not to be bowled. That shows this is a dryish pitch that could turn more as the game wears on. The amount of runs the side batting last would feel comfortable chasing should be adjusted down accordingly. Jonathan Agnew was talking to BBC Sport's Stephan Shemilt
The Office for National Statistics said there were 3.5 million such households in the UK between April and June this year, about 17.1% of all households including a working age adult. This was down from 3.7 million, or 17.9%, a year earlier. The highest percentage of workless households was in north-east England. Some 23% of households including a working age adult were workless in the region. The lowest was in south-east England, where 13% of households were in this category. Workless households are defined as homes where no-one aged from 16 to 64 is in employment. This could be because they are looking for work, or they have chosen not to work, or they are unable to work. People may choose not to work because of family commitments, early retirement or study. They may be unable to work because of sickness or disability. The data shows that the number of workless households in the UK dropped by 182,000 over the year. This means that 4.9 million people aged 16 to 64 lived in workless households. The ONS said this was the first time the figure had dropped below five million since 2008. Some 14% of all children in the UK, or 1.6 million, were living in these households. About two-thirds of them were in single-parent households. Children's charities - Barnardo's and The Children's Society - said they welcomed the fact that the number of children living in workless households was falling. However, a move into work did not necessarily mean a move out of poverty, they argued. They said it was imperative for the government to reduce childcare costs for families on low incomes. The proportion of workless households was at its highest in 1996, when comparable records began, when it stood at 20.9% in the UK. This fell steadily to 17.3% in 2006 before rising to 19.2% in 2010. It has fallen relatively sharply in the past three years. In 2013, there were 297,000 households in which no adult has ever worked, down 43,000 on the previous year. If student households are excluded, this figure drops to 224,000. Mark Hoban, the Minister for Employment, said: "Helping people off benefits and into work is one of this government's top priorities, so it is good news that the number of workless households has fallen by more than 425,000 since the coalition took office. "By reforming the welfare system to ensure that people are better off in work than on benefits, and through schemes such as the Work Programme and Youth Contract we are giving people the support they need to get a job and fulfil their aspirations of looking after themselves and their families." Stephen Timms, Labour's shadow employment minister, said: "Any fall in worklessness is welcome, but the truth is Britain's unemployment crisis is far from over. "Underemployment is at record highs, long-term unemployment is at its highest level for 17 years, the number of young people out of work is edging back towards a million, and millions are working harder for less. It is becoming harder and harder for millions to make ends meet."
A statement from his publicist said the entertainer had been diagnosed with "an incurable brain tumour", and thanked well-wishers for their support. Middlesbrough-born Daniels, whose career has spanned nearly four decades, found fame in the 1980s with his BBC TV series The Paul Daniels Magic Show. His wife, Debbie McGee, tweeted: "With great sadness." Mark Linsey, acting director of BBC Television, said: "We're sorry to hear this sad news and our thoughts are with Paul and his family." Daniels, whose real name is Newton Edward Daniels, developed his magic skills in working men's clubs. He made his TV debut on talent series Opportunity Knocks in 1970, and came second. He was then given a regular slot on ITV variety show The Wheeltappers And Shunters Social Club, hosted by the late comedian Bernard Manning. He made the move to the BBC in 1979 and launched The Paul Daniels Magic Show, which ran for 15 years. He became one of the biggest stars on British TV, becoming known for a string of catchphrases, including the line: "You'll like this... not a lot, but you'll like it." He said he had first used the line at a club in Yorkshire as a way of dealing with a heckler. Daniels and his wife, a fellow performer and his on-stage assistant, married in 1988. As well as numerous appearances on magic shows, Daniels has presented game shows including Wipeout and Odd One Out. He appeared as a contestant on the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing in 2010, and was the second person to be voted off in the series. In a 2014 interview, McGee explained how, having left the Iranian national ballet where she was a soloist, she was initially unenthusiastic about working with a magician. But she said she was converted after seeing Daniels on quiz show Blankety Blank. "He was very funny - he took his jacket off and had a Superman T-shirt on and red knickers over his trousers. I was in hysterics. "He still makes me laugh, all day long, even when I want to be angry," she said. In recent years, the couple has toured regularly with a magic and comedy show, but a planned appearance at the Leicester Comedy Festival two days ago was cancelled at short notice, as was another date in Nottingham the following night. Daniels' manager said all his future shows had been cancelled. A statement said: "We can confirm that one of our greatest magicians and entertainers of all times, Paul Daniels, has sadly been diagnosed with an incurable brain tumour. "On behalf of Paul, Debbie and their families, we thank you for your kind concerns and support at this sad time and ask that their privacy continues to be respected. There will be no further comments at this time." Illusionist Dynamo, whose real name is Steven Frayne, wrote on his Instagram account: "Just read this sad news! Sending my love and respect to Paul, Debbie and all the family! #MagicLegend". A tweet was also published on the official Dick and Dom page of children's entertainment presenters Richard McCourt and Dominic Wood, saying: "Heartbreaking news of my true hero @ThePaulDaniels. You inspired and encouraged me to do the job I still do today. Sending strength and love."
More than 83,000 items were confiscated by the Border Force at airports in one operation over six days in December. The haul of counterfeits included Harry Potter wands, "Louis Vuitton" handbags and "Nike Air Max" trainers. In recent weeks, Â£1m worth of goods had been stopped at the border of UK ports and hubs. The government published the figures to warn consumers on the hunt for last-minute Christmas presents to check they were buying legitimate gifts. In the recent seizures, the Border Force collected: Source: ActionFraud Immigration Minister Robert Goodwill said: "The international trade in counterfeit goods undercuts honest traders, and is linked to serious and organised crime, sweatshop working practices, child labour, and even the funding of terrorism. "Unsuspecting customers are also left out of pocket with inferior and potentially dangerous goods. "We are determined to crack down on this criminality and Border Force officers help protect consumers by working around the clock at ports, airports and mail sorting centres identifying and seizing counterfeit goods." Once seized, the force's specialist international trade team contacts the brands to discover if the goods are fake or genuine, and if they are the former, the items are destroyed. It is then up to each brand to decide if they want to prosecute those trying to import them. Matthew Cope, from the Intellectual Property Office, said its operations had intensified in the build up to Christmas. "We have detained goods destined for shops and markets, proving the worth of the co-ordinated approach," he added. "It is important that we have a united response and that people are protected from this type of crime. "Anyone looking for a bargain this Christmas should be wary of prices which look too good to be true, from cut price alcohol to heavily discounted electronics, and report anything suspicious."
The advert from the Northamptonshire Police & Crime Commissioner (PCC) called for someone who was "resolutely client-centred and victim-focused". The campaign group said PCCs were "serial offenders" in using "jargon". Adam Simmonds, PCC, said: "The best communicators talk to people using the type of language they understand." The existing chief constable, Adrian Lee, will be leaving the force in July. The candidate information pack said the force was looking for an "agent of change" who can get "client-side" and "is a pioneer in blue-light collaboration". Steve Jenner, spokesman for the Plain English Campaign, said: "The sentence that 'our chief constable must be able to see beyond the horizons of convention to make the paradigm shift' is a prime example of 'ploddledegook'. "Police and crime commissioners seem to be repeat offenders in this regard for their mangling of the English language and this advert is borderline criminal. "Senior police officers are probably used to this kind of jargon so they will understand it but the danger is they use it when they talk to the public." The information pack also said the chief constable should not just issue "management speak from above" because "inevitably such statements of corporate aspiration can feel like yet another list of jargon and management-speak". In response to the criticism, Mr Simmonds said: "Anyone who knows me knows I am a straight talker, but it is a fact, highlighted by the Plain English Society, that senior police officers have to understand the type of language used in the advert. "What I want from our next chief constable [is] someone who can talk to politicians and judges as easily as they can their own staff and members of the public." The deadline for applications is 1 June and the job's salary will be up to Â£150,000.
Catherine Smith narrowly defeated Conservative Eric Ollerenshaw in Lancaster & Fleetwood with a majority of 1,265. In Burnley, Julie Cooper secured 14,951 votes, unseating Liberal Democrat Gordon Birtwistle in a 6.3% swing. Across the rest of the county, Labour held on to six seats while the Tories retained eight. MP elect for Lancaster & Fleetwood Catherine Smith said she would represent and champion the area "to the best of my ability". She also paid tribute to her predecessor Eric Ollerenshaw's work in the constituency. Mr Ollerenshaw said he hoped he "hadn't let anyone down" after a "long and hard battle". Speaking to BBC Radio Lancashire after her win in Burnley, Julie Cooper said: "It's a fantastic end to the day. "I have worked for this for a very long time. I promise to give 100% for the people of Burnley." The married English teacher and Burnley FC season ticket holder added: "People have been told times are getting better but that is not what it seems if you have lost your job or are suffering welfare cuts." Mr Birtwistle said: "Labour threw the kitchen sink at this seat and we had far less resources." He added that he now plans to "go back to being retired, like I was before I was elected". In Blackburn, Kate Hollern retained the seat for Labour, increasing the majority that Jack Straw held by 2,904 votes for a total of 12,760. Mr Straw had been the town's MP since 1979 before he recently retired. However, the news wasn't so good for Mr Straw's son. Will Straw, Labour's candidate for the Rossendale & Darwen constituency failed in his bid to unseat Conservative Jake Berry. To find out your election result, go to BBC Election 2015.
The winner, trained by Gordon Elliott, led home an Irish 1-2-3 with the runner-up and third-placed Don Poli both trained by Willie Mullins. Leading English fancy Cue Card fell with three fences to go. Later, Olympic cycling champion Victoria Pendleton finished fifth in the Foxhunter Chase on Pacha Du Polder. Pendleton gave her mount a patient ride at the rear of the field, before moving through nicely and staying on strongly, but Nina Carberry was too good in front, winning on the 13-8 favourite On The Fringe by a neck for back-to-back wins in the race. It made it another success for the Irish on a day when Don Cossack showed his strength in the feature race, winning by four and a half lengths. It was a first Gold Cup for Elliott, who won the Grand National in 2007 with Silver Birch, and for Cooper. The 23-year-old jockey from Kerry had a dilemma over which horse to ride with both Don Cossack and Don Poli owned by airline boss Michael O'Leary's Gigginstown House Stud, for whom Cooper is the retained rider. His decision to opt for the nine-year-old, who recovered from a fall in the King George at Kempton on Boxing Day to win at Thurles in January, paid dividends and afterwards he paid tribute to the late trainer Dessie Hughes with whom he started his career. "Fair play to Gordon, he stuck by me. I had the hardest decision and he had him right for today. He never missed a beat," said Cooper. "It was a hard decision to make, but there's a man up there looking out for me, Dessie Hughes." The 9-2 favourite Ivanovich Gorbatov gave Aidan O'Brien his first Festival winner since Istabraq's third Champion Hurdle win in 2000 when he stormed home in the JCB Triumph Hurdle. With O'Brien concentrating on the Flat, it is his son Joseph - recently retired from riding - who supervised the hurdler's preparation as he prepares to get his full training licence. The win for the JP McManus-owned 9-2 favourite gave jockey Barry Geraghty his first success of the week, with Willie Mullins training the second and third in Apple's Jade and Footpad. O'Brien Jr, who won two Epsom Derbies as well as the 2000 Guineas and St Leger in his riding career, said: "It's unbelievable. I don't think it's sunk in yet. It's very hard to put into words what I'm thinking right now. "It's hard to compare [to winning the Derby] but it's right up there." Elsewhere, two former assistants to Paul Nicholls, Dan Skelton and Harry Fry, both enjoyed success while Nicholls himself claimed a final-day double. It was a family affair for Skelton as younger brother Harry rode Superb Story (8-1) to victory in the Vincent O'Brien County Handicap Hurdle to give them their first Festival success, watched by their father Nick, who won equestrian gold at London 2012. "I'm so delighted for them, they work really hard," said their proud dad. "Harry's been saying for two weeks this horse would win. Everything worked out. I thought he'd committed too early, but he knew what he had underneath." Fry won his third Festival race when Unowhatimeanharry (11-1) took the Albert Bartlett Novices' Hurdle under Noel Fehily, overhauling long-time leader Barters Hill after jumping the last. Nicholls, who had a relatively quiet Festival by his standards, finished on a high, winning the last two races on the card. Ibis Du Rheu (14-1) stayed on well for Jack Sherwood to deny Flying Angel in a close finish to the Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle, while the 28-1 chance Solar Impulse was the biggest-priced winner of the week, claiming the Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase Challenge Cup The success by three and three-quarter lengths was a third win of the week for Sam Twiston-Davies and ensured the battle between Irish and British trainers over the course of the meeting ended level with 14 wins apiece. The British Horseracing Authority is to fully assess the number of deaths at the Cheltenham Festival after seven horses died over the four days of racing. Three horses, The Govaness, Rezorbi and Pont Alexandre died on the opening day of the festival, whilst No More Heroes had been put down after damaging a tendon in the RSA Chase on Wednesday. There was one further death on Thursday as Niceonefrankie suffered a fall in the Stable Plate Race and on Friday Montdragon and Long Dog died. Jenny Hall, chief veterinary officer of the BHA, said: "It is notable that four of the fatal injuries incurred this week were not related to a fall over a hurdle or fence. "It is not possible to eradicate risk completely from any activity in which horses are involved. "We will work with Cheltenham to assess all of the incidents that took place this week. We have a good relationship with the RSPCA and World Horse Welfare, and, as always, we will work with them to ensure we continue we do all we can to make racing as safe as possible."
The American stunned the mixed martial arts world by knocking out champion and undefeated Ronda Rousey, the 1-20 favourite, in a UFC title fight last November. Now the 34-year-old former boxer, who has won all 10 of her UFC fights, is preparing to defend her title against Miesha Tate at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday. READ MORE: McGregor not worried about stepping up two divisions "I don't want to create my whole career and life in one moment," Holm, nicknamed the Preacher's Daughter, told the BBC World Service. "There's a lot weighing on this fight, there's a ton of emotional stresses. In a lot of ways, it's tougher for me. People have high expectations after the last fight." American Tate, the number two ranked bantamweight, has won her last four fights in the octagon but has been beaten twice by Rousey. The 29-year-old's last loss came against the former champion in 2013 when she submitted in 58 seconds. "She's really good at grinding it out," said Holm of Tate, a wrestling specialist. "She can be behind in a fight and she is not mentally broken. "She is coming out of a two-year winning streak. She has had way more time in the octagon than me, a lot more fighting, so there's a lot of things that present a threat to me." UFC's co-owner Lorenzo Fertitta told the BBC World Service that he believes mixed martial arts will eventually become an Olympic sport. It is an idea backed by Holm, a former professional boxing champion. "Why not? The Olympics, to me, is seeing the best that every country has to offer," he said. "I hope they let it be professional fighters. A lot of the other sports in the Olympics are professional. I say let it be. How awesome would it be to be in the Olympics?" Author and newspaper columnist Matthew Syed recently wrote in the Times that he felt "unease" at the sport's "no-holds-barred nature." He added: "I do wonder about the way this slickly marketed activity legitimises the basest instincts of the human psyche, and celebrates bloodshed. The sooner it falls out of favour, the better." But Holm dismisses claims the sport is too brutal, insisting the critics have the wrong view. "Sometimes I think they look at this sport and see it as two caged people going crazy," she said. "That's not it at all. It's two people chasing a common goal, chasing a dream." She added: "You can't be the champion without another fighter, you can't get through without the other person. "It's not like you pick on someone from the street. They both sign a contract, train very hard and are really reaching for greatness. There's nothing brutal about that, it's beautiful." Holm, who was also a kickboxing champion before making her mixed martial arts debut in 2011, says it requires "passion" to make it to the top and there is not much money when you start out. "You're starting in amateur shows, putting money out of your own pocket to learn the sport," said Holm, who defeated Rousey in front of a UFC record crowd of 56,214 in Melbourne, Australia. "If there are females in there doing it professionally, let me tell you they've been working their butts off for a lot of years." "If that opportunity comes, then yeah," says Holm. "I'm all about taking each opportunity and making the best of it. I only think about one fight at a time."
Clive Lewis said it would be "foolish to say never" to the possibility, but that he backed Jeremy Corbyn. Mr Lewis said he was "75% hopeful" Mr Corbyn could lead Labour to victory at the next general election. And he said he was "greatly" annoyed by "mischievous" speculation about his leadership ambitions. Speaking on BBC Radio 5 live's Pienaar's Politics, the Norwich South MP - who quit the shadow cabinet last month rather than vote in favour of the government's Brexit bill - said it was "flattering" to be "touted as a future leader". It was "possible" that some figures close to Mr Corbyn could be behind the speculation, he said. Pressed on whether he wanted to ever lead Labour, he said: "Never say never, I will say that. But at this moment in time we have a twice democratically elected leader, Jeremy Corbyn. "I'm still supportive of Jeremy Corbyn. I will be doing all I can along with the rest of my colleagues in the Labour Party to varying degrees to make sure that he becomes the next prime minister of this country. "There is no ifs, no buts. That's where I am." Asked how confident he was on a scale of one to 100 that Mr Corbyn could lead Labour to a general election victory in 2020, he replied: "I would say I'm 75% hopeful it can happen. "Given ... the situation we find ourselves with Brexit - the chaotic situation - it's constantly moving. It would be a challenge for any leader I think." The Labour leadership came in for renewed criticism after the party lost the seat of Copeland to the Conservatives in last month's by-election. It was the first by-election gain by a governing party since 1982. Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr show, shadow chancellor John McDonnell said Mr Corbyn would lead Labour into the 2020 general election. "Of course we are building up a succession for the long term future and we have got some really great young talent coming through but they need more experience before eventually they will succeed," he added. Mr McDonnell also categorically ruled himself out of a future run for the leadership. Asked about his claim of a "soft coup" against Mr Corbyn, he said a "number of people" within the party had been "stirring" ahead of the by-elections in Copeland and Stoke Central. But he said he planned to "have a cup of tea" with arch critic Lord Mandelson. "There will be lots of things we agree upon. There will be some disagreements. But I think the most important thing that we have got is a responsibility to our party but more importantly to the country," he said.
Burgess went over to put the visitors ahead and the boot of George Williams ensured they led 8-4 at the break despite Vincent Duport's try. After the restart Duport scored in the corner as Catalans took a 10-8 lead. But Burgess put Wigan back ahead and further tries by Williams and Sam Tomkins followed by another Burgess effort saw Wigan home. The Warriors move up to seventh, four points clear of ninth-placed Warrington with two games remaining before the Super 8s. And they are now four points behind fourth-placed Hull - and the top four spot that would give them the chance to defend their title. Catalans are 10th, four points behind Huddersfield, who are eighth. A Wigan win or any sorts looked in doubt when Duport collected a last-tackle kick to go over, with Luke Walsh adding the two points to give the French side their two-point advantage. But Wigan, who were without coach Shaun Wane as he recovers after a hip operation, then dominated. A brilliant team try ended with Burgess going over in the corner and Williams skipped through to give them a 10-point lead. A Tony Gigot error then gifted Tomkins the away side's fourth try and the Burgess treble came when he went over from close range. Catalans head coach Steve McNamara: "For 60 to 65 minutes, there was not a lot to choose between the two teams - in fact I think we were two tries to one up. "It was really pleasing that we were in that contest but really disappointed with the last 15 minutes. I don't think we deserved that scoreline. "Having said that, if you give Wigan those opportunities they'll take them and that's what they did. I think that our performance today was a whole lot better than our win over Leigh last weekend. "We can take a lot of positives out of that and hopefully we can improve next week as much as we have this week going into next week's game against St Helens." Wigan assistant John Winder: "I was really pleased with the result. For 60 minutes I thought it was a real arm wrestle and it was a really tough game. "Both sides were very competitive. We just stuck at it and got through that 60-minute mark and things just started to open up for us. "I thought we got what we deserved and we stuck with the process long enough and we managed to snag a couple of tries before the momentum went with us at the end. "It was very hot out there and a really physical game. The quality of the game was really high, the opening 15 minutes saw both teams complete in the high eighties and there weren't a lot of errors." Catalans: Gigot, Broughton, Inu, Wiliame, Duport, Walsh, Albert, Moa, Aiton, Casty, Anderson, Horo, Baitieri. Substitutes: Bousquet, Da Costa, Margalet, Belmas. Wigan: S. Tomkins, Davies, Gelling, Gildart, Burgess, Williams, Leuluai, Nuuausala, McIlorum, Sutton, Bateman, Farrell, O'Loughlin. Substitutes: Isa, Clubb, Powell, Tautai.
The forces were taking part in a counter-terrorism operation when they came under fire, US officials said. A medical helicopter sent to rescue casualties was forced to land and has yet to be recovered. Some 12,000 international soldiers are still deployed in Afghanistan to help local forces tackle the Taliban. Some of the foreign troops were sent to counter the recent militant insurgency in Helmand. Details of what happened in the incident, which took place near the town of Marjah on Tuesday, remain sketchy. US military spokesman Brig Gen Wilson Shoffner said one service member had died as a result of wounds, adding: "We are deeply saddened by this loss... our heartfelt sympathies go out to the families and friends of those involved." The identity of the casualties has not yet been revealed and no official details given on their service branch. A number of Afghan forces were also reported to have been wounded. The casualties occurred before the "medevac" helicopter was called in. Some reports said the helicopter, believed to be a UH-60 Black Hawk, had also come under fire. A US defence official said it had "sustained damage while on the ground" but had not been shot down. He said it remained on the ground and the military was working to recover it, but gave no further details. In 2011, 30 Americans were among 38 people killed in a Chinook helicopter crash in Wardak province. Helmand has long been a stronghold of the Taliban. Afghan forces, aided by the US military, have been engaged in a fierce conflict recently with Taliban fighters who seized large swathes of Sangin district. The fighting also sparked the deployment of a number of UK forces to Helmand for the first time in more than a year. In September, the Taliban briefly overran the northern city of Kunduz in one of their biggest victories in 14 years of war.
This comes after a public outcry following revelations in November that a neo-Nazi cell had apparently been able to go on a nationwide spree of racially motivated murders over several years, under the noses of the German intelligence services. The group of three are being held responsible for the deaths of eight Turkish and one Greek immigrant between 2000 and 2006, as well as a German policewoman in 2007. Yet the existence of the group, dubbed the Zwickau cell after the name of the town where they spent most of their time in hiding, only came to light in November when two of its members died in an apparent joint suicide or murder-suicide and the third handed herself in to the authorities. The NPD has been linked to the group, though the allegations have yet to be accepted in a court of law. The trio had made a DVD in which they boasted of the killings and said they had acted to serve the German nation and its people, describing themselves as the National Socialist Underground - echoing the national socialism (Nazism) of Hitler's Germany. The story of the killers has dominated headlines in Germany for months now and given rise to one of the biggest scandals in post-war Germany. It turns out intelligence agencies had had the group under surveillance for years, and even found a bomb-making factory in their garage back in 1998. So why were the trio not stopped earlier? Why were they allowed to disappear and then stay underground? And why was it that security services blamed the murders on the Turkish mafia at the time? A right-wing motive was never investigated. The failures have prompted some to ask whether there is more than incompetence to blame, whether Germany's police and security services contain elements sympathetic to the far right - an accusation the institutions vehemently deny. A parliamentary inquiry is currently under way into their activities, and Newsnight has seen a secret internal report revealing serious blunders by law enforcement agencies. When we spoke to Peter Altmaier, a senior official in Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrat party, he admitted that mistakes had been made: "You have to know Germany is a federal state, and competencies are shared and divided between federal and state levels... and because we have drawn the lessons from the Nazi dictatorship, we have very limited powers of police and security institutions. "There have been hints and indications of right-wing extremism that were not taken seriously enough, and therefore we have put this very high on the political agenda." Another question that now worries many Germans is just how big a threat the far right poses. Human rights groups say more than 180 people have been killed in right-wing attacks in Germany over the last 20 years. Neo-Nazis have murdered more people in post-war Germany than any other single group, including Islamists and the far left. But this is not yet reflected in official data. Could it be that Germany's sensitivity to its history has made it want to play down modern-day right wing extremism? "Martin", a former neo-Nazi leader who asked to be quoted anonymously for fear of revenge attacks, was an active member of the far right for 11 years. He has now left the movement and encourages others to do so through an organisation called Exit. Martin told us the revelations about the Zwickau cell should have come as no surprise to the authorities: "The militant scene has always said we need people who are willing and able and trained in case it comes to civil war, and neo-Nazi propaganda always talks about civil war. The scene is armed. It's military. "Weapons training is carried out in secret. In the Arab world, for example, with freedom movements there. The right-wing scene sees itself as a freedom movement." There is a growing collection of secretive far-right groups in Germany which call themselves the "Free Forces". Intelligence services say this is the fastest-spreading section of Germany's far-right movement. They say the cliche of the neo-Nazi being a boot-wearing, young, unemployed male skinhead is out of date. Nowadays you cannot always tell who is a neo-Nazi and who is not. The Free Forces are attracting a new crowd, including students and middle-class professionals. Germans speak of a new generation of Kravattennazis, literally "Tie Nazis", as opposed to the traditional Stiefelnazis, or "Boot Nazis". They use modern forms of protest and are harnessing social media. Take The Immortals, for example - anti-globalisation, anti-capitalist and anti-democratic, they warn of the impending extinction of the German people and call for a Germany for the Germans. Hard for the authorities to catch, they use text messaging to organise spontaneous night-time demonstrations across the country, especially in university towns. The protesters wear black cloaks and white masks, reminiscent of the hacker-anarchists Anonymous, to hide their identity. After 15 minutes on the street, they are gone. "The leadership is always trying to attract members of the so-called upper classes and students who, one day, can act as lawyers or doctors for the far right," Martin explained. "It's all done very quietly, out of the public eye. You would never imagine that some of those people would support the movement and they may deny their affiliation in public, but they are very much part of the scene." "You can't describe the far right as a fringe group any more. All parts of German society are found in it." But what exactly do they want? Far-right activists are camera-shy. They say they are hounded by police and hemmed in by post-war German laws which make it illegal to question the Holocaust and demonstrate public appreciation of Nazi Germany, leading to a number of far-right groups being shut down and their members prosecuted. We visited Berlin's best-known neo-Nazi pub, The Executioner, to see if we could tempt the punters there to talk. Most people in the dimly lit, windowless establishment eyed us with suspicion and distaste, but after a couple of "Himla'' cocktails, Uwe Dreisch, the former head of a now-banned neo-Nazi group, sat down with us and said: "Who are we? We are nationalists. We care deeply about our fatherland. We don't like the state that exists here right now in Germany. We want to rebuild our country for our citizens, the German people. "We want to protect our culture, our country, our religion. In Britain, you're also proud of your country, but here I, as a German, am a second-class citizen. This is because we live with eternal war guilt here in Germany. Others get preferential treatment, not us Germans. "Those outside here who say this pub is full of evil Nazis, how would they know? They're afraid to talk to us. They just try to ban us." What many lawmakers in Germany say they do not like is that the far right rejects the German constitution and the Federal German Republic. Supporters of the far right want a new order in Germany, but while they live under the current system, some are establishing what they call "national liberated zones", dotted across the country. The most famous example is Jamel, a village in northern Germany which has been largely taken over by the far right. In the middle of the village is a brightly painted Nazi-style mural in which a traditionally dressed German mother cradles her baby, surrounded by her other children. Also painted there is a proclamation that Jamel is free, social and national. We spoke to Udo Pastoers, number two in the NPD, the legal political wing of the far right, and the leader of the party's elected representatives in the regional parliament of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, the area in which Jamel sits. Mr Pastoers was keen to discuss the NPD's current campaign calling for more indigenous Germans to have children. He showed me a campaign poster emblazoned with the phrase "German children need our country. Stop the German people dying out" in which two beautiful blonde parents frolic at a sandy water's edge with their blonde and beaming children. Mr Pastoers said the birth-rate in Germany was far too low and that women should "reproduce" more, so that Germany could still deserve the name Germany. "Imagine a country called Germany that is filled only with Africans, Arabs, Asians. Biology is our priority," he said. The NPD does not do very well in the polls. Still, it has elected representatives in two of out of Germany's 16 regional parliaments. Mr Pastoers told us the party was virtually gagged by the German authorities. If they really could speak openly, he said, a huge chunk of the German electorate would support them. The NPD insists the stigma of being associated with the far right in modern Germany means that people who would like to vote for it do not dare to. In an attempt to boost its numbers, the party is currently concentrating on social issues, taking advantage of widespread unease caused by the global economic crisis. They and the wider far-right movement run youth centres and football clubs, and offer welfare advice and family outings for those short of cash. Former neo-Nazi Martin, who spoke of close links between the NPD and extremist groups like the one he used to lead, said the party's social card was insincere. "They can't win over all parts of society with anti-Semitic and Nazi rhetoric. The welfare debate touches most people these days, but it is fake. "One well-known neo-Nazi activist said: 'We'll make sure to be where people are suffering most, where they are shouting for help... Eventually we'll have them where we want them.''' Germany's far right is a minority movement but one the country's authorities cannot afford to ignore.
Media playback is not supported on this device Yu, 29, took the final three frames, closing with breaks of 66 and 70, for a 6-4 victory and a place in the last 32. World champion Mark Selby held his nerve to see off world number 68 Daniel Wells 6-4 after trailing 4-3. Scotland's three-time champion John Higgins came back from 3-2 down to beat Thailand's Noppon Saengkham 6-4. Welshman Mark Williams eased past England's Andrew Higginson 6-2, while Matthew Stevens beat Michael White 6-4 in an all-Welsh contest. England's Ali Carter beat Robbie Williams 6-2, but fellow Englishman Barry Hawkins went down 6-5 to Ireland's Fergal O'Brien, who made five centuries including three in a row at one stage. Media playback is not supported on this device "It was a battle," Selby told World Snooker. "My focus dipped in and out. It is still the early stages of the tournament, I don't want to peak too soon." Higgins won four of the last five frames to overcome Saengkham, ranked 69 places below him at 73 in the world. "I dodged a bullet there, I'm just delighted to get through," said Higgins. "I really did think I'd be heading up the road when I went 4-3 down. A lot of these boys are not frightened of top players any more. I felt as if the luck had ran out but the luck's still with me just now." Sign up to My Sport to follow snooker news and reports on the BBC app. Media playback is not supported on this device
At a news conference with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, Mr Kerry said the two Nato allies shared a common goal - to end the suffering of innocent civilians in Syria. Turkey and the US both oppose Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, but differ on how best to support the opposition. The visit has been overshadowed by the Turkish PM's remarks about Zionism. Recep Tayyip Erdogan earlier this week called Zionism a "crime against humanity" - remarks that have been widely condemned, and which Mr Kerry on Friday called  "objectionable". On the subject of Syria, UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon said on Friday he was "personally pained and distraught" by the ongoing violence and suffering of civilians. He said there was a "very small window of opportunity" for the Syrian government and the opposition to hold talks, and admitted that, for the UN, there was "not much political space". Mr Ban went on to say that, in his opinion, the only thing for the moment was to increase humanitarian assistance but it was "almost impossible" for aid agencies to provide enough relief, as they were continually "outpaced" by the need. The crisis in Syria has been a central issue in John Kerry's first overseas trip as secretary of state, which is taking him to 11 countries in Europe and the Middle East. He said in Ankara that the US and Turkey "both believe the first priority is to try and have a political solution. We would like to save lives, not see them caught up in a continuing war". Mr Davutoglu said their main objective was to "protect the innocent civilians of Syria". In Rome on Thursday, Mr Kerry promised direct aid to Syrian rebels in the form of food and medical supplies, but not the weapons they say they need to win. Turkey has taken in more than 200,000 Syrian refugees and has been hit by deadly shelling across its 900km (560 mile) border with Syria. Turkey wants the Syrian rebels to win the war as soon as possible and will be keen to convey its sense of frustration to Mr Kerry, the BBC's James Reynolds in Istanbul says. The US and other Nato allies have deployed Patriot missile interceptors to repel any possible attack by missiles or aircraft from Syria. Mr Erdogan has been outspoken in his support for Syrian rebels and has advocated the creation of a buffer zone inside northern Syria to protect people fleeing the fighting. Turkey began massing troops along the frontier in June last year after Syria shot down a Turkish reconnaissance jet off its coast. In October the Turkish army fired on military targets in Syria in retaliation for cross-border mortar fire. The rebel Free Syrian Army is thought to receive weapons and other supplies from Turkey. The US has refrained from arming the rebels, in part because of concerns the weapons could eventually fall into the hands of Islamist militants who might attack its interests. On Thursday in Rome, Mr Kerry promised an additional $60m (Â£40m) in aid to the opposition Syrian National Coalition to help it deliver basic governance and other services in rebel-controlled areas. He also promised direct support in the form of food and medical supplies to rebel forces, in what correspondents say was a shift in US policy on Syria. Russia - a close ally of President Assad - has said the promises of aid to the opposition made by the US and other countries in the "Friends of Syria" group will encourage further violence rather than a negotiated solution. "The decisions taken in Rome... directly encourage extremists towards precisely a violent seizure of power, despite the suffering of ordinary Syrians," Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Aleksandr Lukashevich said.
Media playback is not supported on this device Arsenal were 4-0 down but took the game to extra-time, with a Theo Walcott hat-trick and two Marouane Chamakh goals helping them into the last eight. "We went from disaster to rescuing some pride," Wenger said. "You cannot play for Arsenal and give up." Reading boss Brian McDermott said the defeat was the "worst" of his career. Arsenal found themselves 4-0 down after 35 minutes but Walcott made it 4-1 just before half-time to set up the platform for an incredible second-half revival that took the game into extra time. Chamakh put Arsenal in front for the first time on the night with a goal in the first period of extra time, only for Reading striker Pavel Pogrebnyak to make it 5-5. But Walcott restored Arsenal's lead before Chamakh scored their seventh. "It was 4-0 and could have been one or two more," Wenger added. "We came back but at 89 minutes it was still 4-2. Then the miracle happened. There were so many turning points. Our first goal before half-time was important. It's my first 7-5. It was a tennis score." Wenger said he knew the pain of relinquishing a four-goal advantage, having drawn 4-4 with Newcastle after being 4-0 up in February 2011. He explained that his team had drawn inspiration from their supporters. He said: "I know how it feels to lose a 4-0 lead - it happened to me at Newcastle. I always hoped we could come back. It's strange to explain. At 4-0 you think you have won the game, but at 4-2 the panic starts to set in. "At 4-0 I didn't feel great, I started to think about half-time. Inspiration was not difficult. I just felt sorry for the fans, they stuck with us. A big part stayed and supported us and I give them credit. I give the ones who left less credit. Premier League, Newcastle 4-4 Arsenal, 5 February, 2011 Arsenal led 3-0 inside 10 minutes at St James' Park and 4-0 at half-time but were pegged back with Cheick Tiote's stunning late volley capping the comeback. Champions League final, Liverpool 3-3 AC Milan, 25 May, 2005 Liverpool were down and out after going into half-time 3-0 down but scored three times in six minutes to turn the game on its head. FA Cup fourth round, Tottenham 3-4 Manchester City, 4 February, 2004. Spurs were 3-0 ahead at half-time before Joey Barton was sent off. But somehow City fought back and Jon Macken scored a dramatic late winner. Premier League, Tottenham 3-5 Manchester United, 29 September 2001. Again Spurs went in at half-time 3-0 ahead but were ripped apart in the second half by a breathtaking United performance. FA Cup final, Blackpool 4-3 Bolton, Wembley, 2 May, 1953. Bolton had led 3-1 and, were still leading with three minutes to go until Stan Mortensen and Bill Perry struck. "This was maybe my greatest comeback. [The League Cup] is not my priority but had we gone out like we could have gone out it would not have been one of my proudest nights." Reading boss Brian McDermott described the defeat as the worst of his career and identified Arsenal's first goal before half-time as the turning point. "I wasn't happy at half-time because we went in at 4-1 instead of 4-0," he said. "That gave them impetus they didn't need. We'd dominated the first half and then they scored a goal out of nothing. "When you give good players and teams a lift like that, they take the chance. It was kamikaze football in the second half and extra time. Even at 5-5 it's extraordinary. It's the worst defeat of my career." McDermott was angry that Walcott's equalising goal arrived almost two minutes after the minimum four minutes of stoppage-time had been played. "Obviously it doesn't help that the referee added two minutes on to the four minutes of injury time to make it six," he said. "You can't tell the time as wrong as that, but he did. "At full-time nothing needed to be said to the players. Sometimes the less said the better. We know what happened. "This game will be remembered for a long time and that makes me feel a whole lot worse."
The latest issue was when the team were denied lunch at a hotel on Tuesday due to an unpaid bill. Later that day Cameroon lost 2-1 in a friendly to Guinea after which he said he was considering his future. "I'm happy with the reaction because they realised what happened," he said. Media playback is not supported on this device "If they want an inquiry, it means they know there were mistakes and maybe in future those mistakes won't happen again." The 64-year-old Belgian conceded that his reaction may have been a 'little bit too heavy' but that there was a good reason for his approach. "I hope that things will change after my comments - this is the most important thing," said Broos, who won the Africa Cup of Nations last month in spite of having worked on the continent for just a year. "Sometimes you have to make the problem bigger than it is so that everyone is awake and says 'what happened there?'" "Now all the country knows what happened and this is a good thing because everyone realised that this is something that has to not happen again in the future." "In a few months, there is the Confederations Cup and we are playing against the best teams in the world (Germany, Chile, Australia) so everyone has to be awake again." His words have already had a reaction with Fecafoot opening an inquiry into the matter on Tuesday, while also stating that the circumstances which prompted Broos' public complaints were 'unacceptable.' We have to work like we worked during the Nations Cup when there was no problem. Everything was well-organised so they showed that they can do it. After the match in Brussels, the Cameroon coach said he was 'seriously considering' his future as he also outlined various logistical failures since he took charge in early 2016. He highlighted that team doctors had sometimes footed the costs for medical equipment themselves while also relating how the team had once had to travel without equipment or kit because it was too expensive to fly. "It's unacceptable that when players are going to eat something, the hotel tells us that we cannot eat because the bill has not been paid," he said. "Three to four hours after the hotel (took their action), the bill was paid so it's not a matter of money - it's a matter of organisation and responsibility." In the run-up to this year's unexpected African title, the fifth in Cameroon's history, at least seven internationals refused call-ups for the tournament. "I think when Joel Matip hears this again, he will not be so happy to come again to the national team," Broos lamented. "Also this is not good for players who will maybe (be called up) in the future. If they hear this, this is reason I think to say: 'I'm not going to play with that team because there are always problems.'" "We have to work like we worked during the Nations Cup when there was no problem. Everything was well-organised so they showed that they can do it - and this is frustrating." Broos, who denied reports that he had not been paid, said that Fecafoot president Tombi A Roko Sidiki was very angry about the situation when the pair spoke on Wednesday. "Now they will look at who is responsible and there will be a sanction for whoever it is, because they were very angry," Broos explained.
But being an editor isn't just an editorial job. The editorial side of it is the most fulfilling and intellectually stimulating part, but it is only a part. There are also huge commercial responsibilities - how do we make money and save money? - and leadership and management duties. Leadership is about creating a moral vision for where you want to take a team; management is the daily activity of getting them there. It has always seemed to me that in rich newspapers, the editor gets to focus on editing, while other people think about the commercial and managerial side of it. For instance, the Daily Mail has several busy managing editors, whereas the Evening Standard has only one. George Osborne to become Standard editor Osborne Evening Standard job prompts call for inquiry George Osborne: From history buff to austerity editor Read more from Amol At organisations that are strapped for cash - and the Standard is facing big commercial challenges - editors have to spend relatively more of their time thinking about commercial and managerial obligations. And all of that is hugely time consuming. It leaves less time than you would like for the really exciting bit: editing. Editing is an exercise in selection and judgement: what to put in and - just as important - what to leave out. Which pictures, campaigns, and above all stories to run? What's the best headline on that front page splash? Shall we give this or that person a kicking in the sports pages? And should our cartoonist really depict Nigel Farage as an amphibian yet again? When making these decisions, based on your judgement, which is in turn informed by your values and experience, an editor has three sacred loyalties - in my view, in no particular order. First, to the truth; second, to the reader; and third, to the integrity and reputation of the newspaper. Some would argue that there are other loyalties. An editor of The Catholic Herald might think they had a duty to God, for instance; an editor of Country Life might feel they had a duty to England's enchanted land; and all editors are likely to feel a duty to those paying the bills. But those earlier loyalties are supreme. They are very different to the loyalties required by political parties. I have never been a member of a political party, but I suspect those who have would say their loyalties aren't primarily to truth, readers, or newspaper reputations. A political party is an institution that organises its members to acquire and exercise legislative power. Its members have loyalty above all to that task. If they are committed, they wake up every day thirsting for power. Once they have acquired it, fidelity to their tribe makes them determined not to relinquish it. Quite aside from the sheer practical workload, it is not easy to see how the loyalties required by editorship and the loyalties required by membership of a political party can be reconciled. The latter long to inhabit the corridors of power. The former want to throw grenades at it. Journalism, at its best, is about the ferocious scrutiny of power. That requires a certain distance from it. Of course, there are different types of journalism. I can see how it might be feasible for a theatre critic to be group secretary of his local Socialist Workers Party. I can also see how a brilliant football correspondent could be a member of the neo-Nazis. But an editor, who has to conduct daily combat with politicians? In being a member of the Conservative Party and, soon, editor of the London Evening Standard, George Osborne faces both practical and philosophical problems. The practical one is when to sleep. The philosophical one is how to reconcile his clearly divided loyalties. Which of his constituents matter most - those in Tatton, or his near-million readers at the Standard? How does he cover, say, a Budget: as a loyal Conservative MP, or as a fearless editor? It is hard enough to see how you reconcile being a member of a political party with being a journalist, let alone being an editor. However, being not only a member of a political party, but a sitting MP and a recent chancellor, as well as someone who retains political ambitions, is much tougher still. And that's before we even consider BlackRock. How can you cover the world of asset management while being paid Â£650,000 by it? The idea that Mr Osborne could recuse himself from stories about that industry, or indeed the City pages altogether, strikes me as sub-optimal, to put it mildly: it would be bizarre to have a former chancellor as editor, only for him to have no involvement in business coverage. These conflicts of interest are untenable, and so - as I said on Friday - I can't see it lasting. Given his sources of income, he's much likelier to give up being an MP before he gives up having lunch at BlackRock. Whether it happens when Tatton disappears as a constituency, or before, I suspect he will be editor of the London Evening Standard after he is an MP in Cheshire. As I mentioned in my previous posts, his task at the paper - setting out a clear strategy, improving the product, raising its profile, and turning the business around by finding new revenue streams - is one for which he has relevant experience and connections. That said, it strikes me as a full-time job. Perhaps, therefore, Osborne hasn't fully grasped the function of an editor. I hope this post helps.
The force has urged bargain hunters to refuse to buy illicit food, alcohol, fashion, medicines and beauty goods, which could contain hidden dangers. Make-up laced with paint stripper was another product highlighted at a summit being held in Edinburgh on counterfeit goods and criminal gangs. The event includes speakers from Interpol and US Homeland Security. Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill said: "Buying counterfeit goods might be seen as a victimless way to get presents for family and friends on the cheap, but many of these items will have a long back story of criminality, often involving violence. "However, the problem doesn't just lie with fake bags, perfume or alcohol. "There is a serious global problem in counterfeit medicines, machinery and engine parts which can be seriously damaging to people's health and potentially deadly." Mandy Haeburn-Little, director of summit organiser the Scottish Business Resilience Centre, said: "Everyone loves a bargain. But people need to stop to think about the true cost of fake goods. Can you be confident that those cheap cigarettes, perfumes and alcohol are actually safe? "However, it goes much deeper as those products are likely to have supported child labour or human trafficking or used to fund serious organised crime. "Illicit trade also hurts businesses in Scotland very hard. People choosing bargains at markets, car boot sales or on the internet impacts hugely on retailers and manufacturers - less genuine goods being sold closes businesses and puts people out of work."
Media playback is not supported on this device Leicester's Selby, runner-up in 2007, was 10-5 behind but won 10 of the next 12 frames for a 15-12 lead. Five-time champion O'Sullivan, who had never lost a world final, reduced the deficit to 15-14, only for Selby to win the next three frames. Age: 30 Nickname: The Jester from Leicester Turned pro: 1999 Ranking titles: World Championship 2014, UK Championship 2012, Shanghai Masters 2011, Welsh Open 2008 Non-ranking titles: Masters 2008, 2010, 2013 His victory means he returns to the top of the world rankings and leaves O'Sullivan two behind Stephen Hendry's record tally of seven world titles. Selby dedicated his win to his late father, who died when he was 16. "To beat Ronnie in the final to win my first world title is a dream come true," he added: O'Sullivan said: "I tried my hardest but he was just too good," Selby, 30, is £300,000 richer for his Crucible triumph and is the ninth player to win the Triple Crown, having won three Masters titles and a UK Championship. Selby looked jaded on Sunday following his epic semi-final against Neil Robertson but managed to win the final two frames to stay within three of O'Sullivan, who wrapped up his last-four encounter against Barry Hawkins with a session to spare. He then won five of the six frames in Monday's opening session to drag his rival into unfamiliar territory, O'Sullivan having never before trailed heading into the final session of a Crucible final. Selby made breaks of 55, 52 and 74 - his highest of the match so far - to level the contest at 10-10 before winning a tense 21st frame to lead for the first time. O'Sullivan retook the lead after the mid-session interval, winning an error-strewn frame courtesy of a run of 50, but missed a simple pink into the middle pocket to clinch the frame after deciding to play it with pace. Selby duly cleared up before punching the air and ramming his cue into the ground in a mixture of relief and elation. Media playback is not supported on this device Eight frames were scheduled for the session but it was a measure of the attritional nature of the action that they could only fit six in before the interval. O'Sullivan won the first frame of the evening session with a fluent break of 100, his third century of the match, to level at 12-12, but Selby won a 28-minute frame to restore his advantage before opening up a two-frame lead for the first time. Selby compiled a break of 56 to increase his lead to three frames before the mid-session interval, his run of take 10 of the last 12 frames. O'Sullivan started well after the restart, rattling in breaks of 30 and 49 to reduce the gap to two frames. He then potted a magnificent yellow down the cushion before clearing up the rest of the balls to make it 15-14. But Selby reacted brilliantly, knocking in a break of 127, his first century of the match, before a run of 87 to move within a frame of victory. O'Sullivan had chances in the next frame but Selby pounced to complete a nerve-jangling clearance after his opponent missed the final red.
The US, UK and France have been calling for air operations, given the reluctance of Damascus to allow relief into rebel-held areas. This comes as Syria says it has approved the delivery of aid to 36 regions, including 11 besieged areas. Meanwhile, air strikes in and around the northern city of Aleppo have reportedly killed 31 civilians. They included 10 people on a bus going down a road used by rebels as a supply route, rescue workers from the Syrian Civil Defence force said. Stephen O'Brien, the UN aid chief, told the Security Council that consent from Damascus was needed to carry out the air operations, diplomats who were in the closed door meeting said. The formal request would be made on Sunday, they added. The UN has 19 areas designated as "besieged" in the country, where an estimated 600,000 people live. The UN's World Food Programme (WFP) said it had already drawn up a plan to carry out air drops but that funding was also needed. However, a senior UN official warned that air operations were "not imminent". Earlier, a statement by the Syrian Mission to the UN said permissions for humanitarian aid included access to Kafr Batna, Saqba, Hammura, Jisrein, Zabadin, East Harasta, Zamalka, Madaya, Foua, Kefraya and Yarmouk. Eight other towns were approved to receive medical assistance, school supplies and milk for children, including Daraya and Douma, also under siege, it said. The Syrian opposition has warned the government may open the door just enough to alleviate international pressure before restricting access again. In February, the WFP carried out a 21-pallet air drop of aid to a government-held area of Deir al-Zour in eastern Syria, which ended in failure. Of the 21 pallets, 10 were unaccounted for, seven landed in no-man's land and four were damaged. But it has since carried out 44 air drops over the city, delivering mainly rice, chickpeas and beans to meet the immediate needs of around 100,000 residents. The WFP has identified some 592,700 people in 19 besieged areas that may need to receive aid by air. But the operating conditions are challenging, it says. Many besieged locations are in built-up, urban areas with no suitable space for a drop zone. High-altitude drops are not possible in those areas because of the risk of harming people on the ground. The UN food agency says airdrops are always a last resort as access by land is more efficient. Meanwhile, aircraft from the US-led coalition dropped ammunition to rebels in the town of Marea, in Aleppo province, the UK-based monitoring group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. It was not clear if weapons were also delivered. Rebels are fighting militants from so-called Islamic State (IS), who cut off supply routes between Marea and Azaz, both under rebel control, near the Turkish border. The area between the city of Aleppo and the Turkish border is split between IS, rebel and government-controlled zones. The US is also supporting an offensive by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), made up by Kurdish and Arab fighters, against IS-held Manbij. The Syrian Observatory also said Islamist insurgents, including from the al-Qaeda linked al-Nusra Front, and government forces have attacked each other near Khan Touman, in southwest Aleppo.
Two dozen national football teams and at least two million foreign visitors will be here for the Euro 2016 football championships. But how ready is the nation to focus on "the beautiful game"? This was meant to be France's feel-good moment. But like cherries that are always hanging just out of reach, the build-up to Euro 2016 has been interrupted by one distraction after another: Having got through all of that, on the eve of the championship, France is facing fresh strikes at the national airline, and rubbish left to rot in the street as bin-men join the rolling protests over labour reforms. It's a wonder people have any time left to think about whether Didier Deschamps has got the right men in his defence line-up for the French national side. But it's not as if football has been entirely out of the headlines either. Last month, Eric Cantona implied that the French coach had allowed racism to colour his selection for the squad.  That followed an earlier scandal that saw two of the country's top players embroiled in blackmail allegations - and consequently dropped from the Euro 2016 team. So if the mood here ahead of kick-off has been, well, muted, perhaps it's no surprise. But there is, of course, another reason for the rather subdued atmosphere ahead of the games. When President Hollande arrives at the Stade de France in northern Paris tomorrow for the opening ceremony, it will be a poignant moment.  Many of those watching will be remembering the night he was bundled out of the stadium during another match last November, as three suicide bombers blew themselves up outside. It was the start of France's night of terror, in which 130 people were killed on the streets of Paris. Now, the fears of police, public and politicians as they head into the tournament hang heavy in the air. The Euros are spread between 10 French cities, each requiring its own security plans. One hundred thousand police, soldiers and security guards have been detailed to protect the games but, as the interior minister points out, "even 100% preparation cannot guarantee zero risk". A leaked police document, calling for the partial closure of vast "fan-zones" set up in cities including Paris and Marseille, has been widely reported in French media. On the eve of the tournament, workers in Paris said they were planning to stay away from the zones, considered softer targets than the stadiums themselves. "It's fun to have the Euros in France," said Eva, a 32-year-old jurist, "but with everything that's happening, it could create more problems than anything else. It's fun in principle, but with the strikes for example, we're not going to see a good image of France." "Even though I'm not a big football fan, I'm excited by the ambiance," said David, a finance worker in the city. "But the recent events are on everyone's mind and there's a lot of talk about security, so the euphoria is dampened by that.  If there is a target, it will be the Euros." While an attack would be devastating for the host nation, a peaceful, well-managed tournament would go a long way towards restoring a sense of security, something that has been missing here since the attacks last year. Similarly, in terms of the social divisions and political disillusionment plaguing France, the games could turn out to be a unifying moment of national pride, or another opportunity to dissect the nation's disappointment. Many here expect the public excitement to build as France heads into the opening game against Romania on Friday night. Because, after all the logistical problems and all the discussion of security risks, this country is hungry for some good news, and those cherries still look sweet. After all, the nation was divided and subdued in the days before the 1998 World Cup in France, and look how that turned out.
Edinburgh-born Collins went into a coma after suffering a stroke and two haemorrhages in 2005. The Possibilities are Endless, explores his journey from the brink of death to rediscovering memories lost because of his medical condition. NHS Highland and Chest Heart and Stroke Scotland will host the screening in Inverness on 17 September. The film will be shown at Eden Court. Sandra Hewitt, of NHS Highland, said: "This is an inspirational film showing one man's personal journey and I think it will have a profound effect on stroke survivors, not just here in Highland, but across the UK and beyond. "Stroke is a lifelong condition but you can improve with time." She added: "I'm looking forward to the film. It's one man's story which many of those we hope will attend can see similarities with their own situation and they can also get the chance to meet their peers and learn about what support is available for them." After waking from his coma, the first two phrases Collins was able to say were "Grace Maxwell" - which is his wife's name - and "the possibilities are endless". The singer-songwriter is known for his work with the band Orange Juice and his 1995 solo hit A Girl Like You.
Bees debutant Marco Djuricin had given his side the lead when he found the net with a curling strike. And the Austria international almost doubled his tally after the break when his first-time shot clipped the post. But, after Chris Wood saw his attempt turned onto the woodwork at the other end, substitute Antenucci dispossessed Ryan Woods before firing in to level. Leeds have now scored just twice against Brentford in five matches, having failed to win any of the games dating back to the 2009-10 season. Media playback is not supported on this device The visitors took the lead when Djuricin, who joined on loan from Red Bull Salzburg on 31 August, found the net midway through the first half. Jake Bidwell then went close to doubling the lead when his second-half header bounced across goal, before another Djuricic attempt hit the post. Leeds striker Wood also saw a deflected effort hit the woodwork, when his shot was turned onto the post by Bees goalkeeper David Button. But, just when it looked like it might turn out to be a first defeat of the season for the hosts, Brentford's debutant substitute Woods - who had only been on the pitch for two minutes - was easily dispossessed by Antenucci and the Italian, who had come on at half-time, fired home the equaliser into the corner with his left foot. The result means Leeds remain unbeaten this season, having drawn five of their six opening games in the Championship. Leeds manager Uwe Rosler: "We lost our fearlessness and we made a mistake. When you do that against Brentford they can find the holes. "Then we were down on confidence and they scored. We looked like we were afraid to get on the ball, that can happen. We deserved to trail at half-time. "In the second half we started 0-0 and the substitutes helped us. The last 25-30 minutes we battered them in a football sense and could have won the game. I think it was a fair result for two teams who wanted to win."
Tobias Badila's own goal put the visitors ahead with Bernardo Silva doubling their lead before the break. Thomas Lemar added a third four minutes from time as Monaco made it 98 league goals in 35 games so far this season. Paris Saint-Germain had earlier beaten Bastia 5-0 to draw level on points with Monaco, who have a game in hand. The Champions League semi-finalists boast a far superior goal difference to PSG and realistically need just one win from their final three matches to become champions for the first time since 2000. Match ends, Nancy 0, Monaco 3. Second Half ends, Nancy 0, Monaco 3. Corner,  Monaco. Conceded by Guy N'Dy Assembe. Attempt saved. Kylian Mbappe (Monaco) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Tiemoué Bakayoko. Offside, Nancy. Guy N'Dy Assembe tries a through ball, but Youssouf Hadji is caught offside. Attempt missed. João Moutinho (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Thomas Lemar. Substitution, Monaco. Andrea Raggi replaces Bernardo Silva. Goal!  Nancy 0, Monaco 3. Thomas Lemar (Monaco) left footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Kylian Mbappe. Attempt missed. Amine Bassi (Nancy) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Attempt missed. Kylian Mbappe (Monaco) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Tiemoué Bakayoko. Tiemoué Bakayoko (Monaco) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Issiar Dia (Nancy). Substitution, Monaco. Kylian Mbappe replaces Valère Germain. Attempt missed. Djibril Sidibe (Monaco) right footed shot from long range on the left is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by João Moutinho. Attempt missed. Tiemoué Bakayoko (Monaco) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by João Moutinho with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Monaco. Conceded by Tobias Badila. Attempt blocked. João Moutinho (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Substitution, Monaco. Tiemoué Bakayoko replaces Falcao. Delay in match  (Nancy). Attempt saved. Falcao (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Fabinho. Foul by Christophe Mandanne (Nancy). Nabil Dirar (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Nancy. Christophe Mandanne replaces Antony Robic. Foul by Fabinho (Monaco). Antony Robic (Nancy) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt blocked. Diallo Guidileye (Nancy) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Amine Bassi. Falcao (Monaco) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Modou Diagne (Nancy). Substitution, Nancy. Issiar Dia replaces Faitout Maouassa. Attempt blocked. Bernardo Silva (Monaco) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Nancy. Conceded by Kamil Glik. Corner,  Nancy. Conceded by Djibril Sidibe. Foul by Fabinho (Monaco). Diallo Guidileye (Nancy) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Monaco. Conceded by Modou Diagne. Attempt blocked. Thomas Lemar (Monaco) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Valère Germain (Monaco) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Thomas Lemar with a through ball. Djibril Sidibe (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Antony Robic (Nancy).
North Yorkshire Chief Constable Dave Jones steps in following David Crompton's suspension after the jury concluded the 96 victims were unlawfully killed. Mr Crompton's initial replacement, deputy Dawn Copley, stood down after her appointment was criticised. Mrs Copley had been investigated over her conduct with another force. As agreed with North Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner Julia Mulligan, Mr Jones will remain in post until a permanent appointment is made, Ms Mulligan's South Yorkshire counterpart Dr Alan Billings said. "I am confident that he will be able to move the force forward to a position where trust and confidence in the force can begin to be restored," said Dr Billings. David Crompton, who was due to retire in November after four years in the post, was suspended after what Dr Billings described as "an erosion of trust and confidence in South Yorkshire Police". Mr Crompton and the force have faced continuing criticism not only in relations to Hillsborough but also over its handling of investigations into child sexual exploitation. Mr Jones began his career in Greater Manchester and was Assistant Chief Constable for Police Service Northern Ireland until moving to North Yorkshire in 2013. He said he realised he was taking the post at a very difficult period and said he wanted to make a difference. "First and foremost, I will engage with those communities both inside and outside of South Yorkshire who have been let down by the police service," Mr Jones said. "I want to understand how their confidence in policing has been affected, and work with them to build it back up and restore pride back into the police service." He added he would be seeking support for a full review of South Yorkshire Police. The Deputy Chief Constable of North Yorkshire Tim Madgwick, has been named as the temporary chief of that force.
Kenneth Gibson and his wife Patricia - the MP for North Ayrshire and Arran - lost their baby towards the end of her pregnancy in 2009. Staff at the Southern General hospital in Glasgow had failed to spot that Mrs Gibson had pre-eclampsia. A review of baby deaths at Crosshouse Hospital was announced on Tuesday. It came after a BBC Scotland investigation revealed that there had been six so-called "unnecessary" deaths of babies at the hospital since 2008. "Unnecessary" or "avoidable" deaths are referred to as those where harm was caused to a healthy baby during childbirth - usually resulting in them being deprived of oxygen. Reports into some of the deaths referred to failings in monitoring of the child's heartbeat during childbirth. Speaking in the Holyrood chamber, Mr Gibson urged Health Secretary Shona Robison to make the review "wider and deeper" so it could look at similar cases in other hospitals across the country. His wife has previously opened up in the House of Commons about the "devastating" effect of losing her baby. Mr Gibson said: "On her due date in 2009, my wife Patricia, having been sent home and been physically sick, was finally admitted to the Southern General maternity unit despite their protests. "A consultant junior doctor and two midwives examined her that day. Despite being 41, a first-time mother and in extreme pain from head to toe, no-one picked up her pre-eclampsia. She was given morphine and put to bed. "Overnight our baby died and had to be delivered by caesarean. Patricia's liver ruptured and she spent 19 days in intensive care and high dependence." Mr Gibson said the couple had spent 20 months asking NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde to explain how they would prevent such a failure of care reoccurring and impacting other lives. He added: "They blanked us and when we were thereby forced to take legal action, hired a QC, wasting thousands in taxpayers' money to defend the indefensible. "It took five years before they eventually conceded this year. What will the Cabinet secretary do to ensure other people in Ayrshire, Glasgow and elsewhere in Scotland are not treated as badly when they experience such a tragedy?" Ms Robison said she sympathised with the Gibsons' "appalling" experience, adding: "We would expect all health professionals to treat anyone who has suffered any bereavement with care, dignity and respect. "Clearly that didn't happen in that case and we should learn the lessons from that case." Labour MSP Anas Sarwar raised figures from the BBC investigation, which showed that Scotland's maternity hospitals had recorded more than 25,000 adverse incidents since 2011. The figures, released under freedom of information legislation, showed the most serious incidents included the deaths of 26 newborns and three mothers, as well as 79 stillbirths. Mr Sarwar called for the review to be extended to look at staffing across all maternity units in Scotland, highlighting 500 incidents relating to staff shortages. The health secretary responded by saying NHS Scotland met the Royal College Of Midwives' recommended midwife-to-birth ratio, and patient safety programmes had resulted in the lowest levels of stillbirth and neonatal deaths on record as well as a decrease in maternal deaths. She added: "In those really, really significant adverse events, the worst kind, we have seen huge progress being made through that patient safety programme so that it is fair to say that our maternity and neonatal units are safer now than they were four or five years ago."
Terry, 35, said last week that he had not been offered a new deal when his contract expires in the summer. Asked after Sunday's 1-1 draw with Manchester United whether anything had changed, he told Sky Sports: "Not from my point of view." He added: "I made it very clear I wanted to stay." Since Terry suggested last weekend that he would leave, Hiddink appeared keen to discuss a possible contract extension with the centre-back. But speaking on Sunday, Hiddink said was not going to speculate further. Terry added: "It's a difficult one. The club is the most important thing. There is no communication between me and the club at the moment. "I'll never forget my memories here and they will live with me forever." Terry has been linked with moves to Qatar side Al Arabi - managed by his ex-Blues team-mate Gianfranco Zola - as well as Major League Soccer in the United States and the lucrative Chinese Super League.
The incident happened at Scarva Walk in Banbridge at about 16:00 BST on Friday. The victim, who is aged in his 40s, was taken to hospital for treatment for head and facial injuries. Two men in their 20s were arrested and are being questioned by police on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent. One of the men is also suspected of assaulting police and causing criminal damage. He was taken to hospital for treatment for a hand injury. Det Sgt Colin Patterson of the Police Service of Northern Ireland said: "Anyone who saw this assault taking place and has information that could be useful to police should contact us."
Glitter, whose real name is Paul Gadd, was sentenced for attempted rape, four counts of indecent assault and one of having sex with a girl under 13. Sentencing, Judge Alistair McCreath said he could find "no real evidence" that Gadd had atoned for his crimes. The 70-year-old showed no emotion as he left the dock at Southwark Crown Court. Judge McCreath told Gadd it was clear his victims "were all profoundly affected" by his abuse of them. "You did all of them real and lasting damage and you did so for no other reason than to obtain sexual gratification for yourself of a wholly improper kind," he said. Judge McCreath said he assessed the seriousness of the offences by current guidelines, but he was limited to the maximum sentences that were available at the time the offences were committed, when "the sentencing climate was less severe". "The offences for which I must pass sentence today took place many years ago at a time when in particular, in respect of one of them, the maximum sentence was considerably lower than that which is now available," he said. Judge McCreath said the modern equivalent offence of unlawful intercourse with a child under 13 would be equivalent to rape of a child, but said he was not permitted to pass a life sentence. He said the offence of attempted rape was "so serious" as to justify the maximum available sentence under the old regime of seven years, which he noted would be a lenient sentence under modern guidelines. Sallie Bennett-Jenkins QC, defending, told the court that Gadd had been subject to a "very high degree of vilification" and "demonification" in the press after being jailed in Vietnam in 2006 for molesting two girls aged 11 and 12. She said he had led "an increasingly isolated life" for the last decade and had been unable to walk down the street "without being the subject of vilification". Gadd, from Marylebone, central London, had denied the allegations against him but was found guilty at the end of a three-week-long trial earlier this month. He had been at the height of his fame when he attacked two girls aged 12 and 13 after inviting them backstage to his dressing room. His youngest victim had been less than 10 years old when he crept into her bed and tried to rape her in 1975. Judge McCreath described Gadd's abuse of a girl under 10 as "appalling" and said: "It is difficult to overstate the depravity of this dreadful behaviour." He noted that in 2011 Gadd sought professional help to understand his sexual behaviour but said: "Whatever changes may have been effected in you by this treatment, they did not include any admission at all on your part of the wrong that you had done." The allegations against Gadd came to light only years later when he became the first person to be arrested under Operation Yewtree - the investigation launched by the Met in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal. Scotland Yard confirmed that it had received other information in light of Gadd's conviction, and that it is "currently being assessed". Det Ch Insp Michael Orchard, from Operation Yewtree, said Gadd was a "habitual sexual predator who took advantage of the star status afforded to him". He added: "His lack of remorse and defence that the victims were lying make his crimes all the more indefensible." Mark Castle, chief executive of charity Victim Support, said: "This prison sentence is testament to the courage Glitter's victims showed in reporting their ordeal and bravely confronting this serial paedophile in court."
Currently, they can be punished only if unsolicited calls cause "substantial damage" to householders. Ministers will also consult on imposing heftier fines. Some consumer groups say the measures do not go far enough. The Information Commissioner's Office received 120,310 complaints about "unsolicited marketing calls" from April-November 2013. It is illegal for companies to call domestic numbers registered with the Telephone Preference Service (TPS). The Telephone Preference Service runs a register that allows people to opt out of any unsolicited sales or marketing calls. Individuals can register free of charge by visiting the website. Or they can call 0845 070 0707. It takes 28 days for registration to become effective. Mobile phone numbers can also be registered, although this will not prevent unsolicited text messages. It is a legal requirement that all organisations - including charities, voluntary organisations and political parties - do not make such calls to numbers registered on the TPS unless they have the individual's consent to do so. Telephone Preference Service The rules do not apply when people consent to their details being used for marketing purposes. But BBC business correspondent Joe Lynam said members of the public continued to get unwanted calls - often pre-recorded - despite being registered with the TPS. That was because not all companies were members of the Direct Marketing Association - the UK telemarketing industry body - some were overseas and some were "good old-fashioned fraudsters" out to steal money, he said. The problem of unwanted calls may never be fully eradicated, he added. Repeat offenders include firms inquiring about mis-sold payment protection insurance. Firms which flout the TPS rules can currently be fined up to Â£500,000 by the Information Commissioner's Office. Those which break media regulator Ofcom rules on silent and abandoned calls face fines of up to Â£2m. Critics say the system is not working because rules on enforcement are skewed in favour of rogue firms. Under Culture Secretary Maria Miller's plans, the current "substantial damage" threshold could be lowered. They would also make it simpler for regulators such as Ofcom, the Insolvency Service and the Information Commissioner's Office to swap data about who the offenders might be. And the Ministry of Justice will launch a consultation on Monday on whether firms that break the rules should face fines of up to 20% of their annual turnover. "Nuisance calls must stop," Ms Miller said. "At best they are an irritation and an unwanted intrusion; at worst they cause real distress and fear, particularly to the elderly or housebound. "People need to feel safe and secure in their homes. "The rules are clear - people have the right to choose not to receive unsolicited marketing calls. We will work to ensure their choice is respected." Which? executive director Richard Lloyd welcomed the plans saying he hoped regulators would now be given "the tools to get rid of the unwanted calls that millions of us are getting bombarded with". "But we've got to be honest about this - some of this is firms that are operating overseas," he told BBC Radio 5 live. "The companies in Britain that benefit from those calls have to be held to account for that. "But it's not going to be possible to turn this off overnight." Mr Lloyd, who said a thousand complaints a week were made to Which? about nuisance callers, urged more people to register their phone number with the Telephone Preference Service. "But it's going to be a long battle to keep these rogue companies - that really don't care about the rules - to get them under control and stop these nuisance calls and texts." Mike Lordan, chief executive of the Direct Marketing Association, said it was unacceptable for people to receive unsolicited phone calls at home if they were registered on the TPS and hadn't given their consent for someone to call them. He told 5 live the regulations on calls generally covered those made from overseas. "It affects companies that operate in the UK and, if they use overseas call centres to make calls, the law still applies to them. "And most of these calls that are being made - these rogue calls - are being made on behalf of companies that are registered in the UK." He said he regretted "some of the image" associated with his industry but added: "I'd like to stress that it's not our business. "Our code of practice is very strict." He said the industry employed a million people, "many of those in areas of fairly high unemployment and we want to drive these rogue companies out of this particular field of business". Under the new rules, claims management companies (CMCs) could also face punishment if they buy leads generated by other firms which bombard customers with unwanted cold calls. CMCs advertise widely on TV, in newspapers and on the internet, encouraging people to sue for personal injury compensation and for other losses. Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said: "The Claims Management Regulator already takes tough action against companies which break the rules, suspending and closing down rogue firms, but now these fines will give us an extra weapon to drive bad behaviour out of the industry." In December, the Commons Culture, Media and Sport committee said watchdogs should use their powers more often to punish misuse of phone networks and contact information. It found that a significant cause of nuisance calls was the unfair or even illegal use of personal data. This included obtaining a person's "consent" to receive unsolicited marketing calls in ways that were "at best opaque and at worst dishonest" and trading personal details with companies which were "lacking in scruples". The Fair Telecoms campaign group said the plans did not go far enough in dealing with the distress caused by constant nuisance calls. "Stop mucking about with arguments about what is and what isn't consent and stop giving all the power to these half-baked regulators," the group's David Hickson said. In April 2013, telecoms operator TalkTalk was fined Â£750,000 by Ofcom for making an excessive number of abandoned and silent calls during a telemarketing campaign to attract new subscribers. TalkTalk said it had terminated its relationship with two call centres used when the problem was discovered.
The largest numbers of children rescued were in San Francisco, Detroit, Milwaukee, Denver and New Orleans. FBI assistant director Ronald Hosko said the Operation Cross Country VII raids had been the agency's largest action against child exploitation. The FBI said 2,700 children have been rescued in such US raids since 2003. The victims in the most recent raids were almost all girls and range in age from 13 to 17. They had been prostituted in a variety of locations, including truck stops, casinos, motels as well as on social media and online advertisements. Mr Hosko said the accused had preyed on vulnerable teenagers, exploiting them over a period of time. "Girls are enticed with compliments or offers, [asked] do they want to make some money," he said. "Then they are trapped into this cycle that involves drugs, that involves physical abuse. It may involve torture." Since 2003, some 1,350 people have been convicted in such cases, including life prison sentences for 10 pimps, the FBI said. Assets of more than $3.1m (Â£2m) have been seized. The US justice department has estimated as many as 450,000 children run away from home each year. It says a third of teens living on the street will be lured toward prostitution within 48 hours of leaving home. Some lawmakers have said further legal protections are needed. Oregon Senator Ron Wyden has introduced a bill to require local police, as well as foster care and child welfare programmes to identify children lured into sex trafficking as victims of abuse and neglect, making them eligible for protection and services. "In much of the country today if a girl is found in the custody of a so-called pimp she is not considered to be a victim of abuse, and that's just wrong and defies common sense," Sen Wyden said during a hearing last month.
A test transmission has already begun on Freeview channel 23 in south east Wales. The broadcaster will be based at Elgin House in St Mary Street in the city centre and will have around 20 staff. The Made TV group holds licences for local TV in Cardiff, Bristol, Leeds, Middlesbrough and Newcastle. The other two local TV stations in Wales, Bay TV Swansea and Bay TV Clwyd in Mold, are both due to launch in 2015. Made in Cardiff will shortly appear on the Sky satellite TV service in the area on channel 134, and Virgin Media channel 159.
Cracks in its structure were spotted in March and the area was sealed off. The IFA has confirmed to the BBC that it received a preliminary engineer's report into the damage and is studying the findings. The venue is scheduled to host the Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania on 13 June. Kevin McShane of the Institute of Civil Engineers told BBC Radio Ulster's Good Morning Ulster programme that it was a surprise "nothing more serious" had happened because the foundations had moved. "We can see at the base of the columns that the wall and the beams have moved," he said. "That's caused stress throughout the structure, given the shape of the structure it's very top heavy, it's leaning on one side towards the pitch. "So if there's some problems with the foundation, the natural reaction of the whole structure is to try to topple over onto the pitch." On Wednesday, the IFA's chief executive Patrick Nelson said staging the international at Windsor Park remained its "only focus". He said an alternative venue for the qualifier, such as the Kingspan Stadium, had not yet been considered. It is believed that at least two independent reports are being carried out on the damaged stand, with cracks first spotted on 31 March, two days after Northern Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Finland. Linfield are unable to use their home venue and the Irish Cup final on 2 May, which was scheduled to be played at Windsor Park, has been switched to the Oval.
But it leaves the issue at the heart of the dispute unresolved: could the FBI have forced Apple to help it unlock the device? It is unlikely that this will be the last time a law enforcement agency tries to compel a tech company to help bypass security measures. It had been reported that there were about a dozen other cases in which the US Justice Department was pursuing court orders to force Apple to help its investigators. The highest profile of these was in Brooklyn, New York, where the FBI wanted access to an iPhone belonging to a defendant who had already pleaded guilty to drug dealing. In that case, a federal judge had rejected the DoJ's effort to invoke the All Writs Act - a three-centuries-old statute that allows court orders to be issued in circumstances where other laws don't apply. The DoJ had launched an appeal, but it is not yet clear if it will continue or drop it. Its decision may be based on whether the technique used to extract data from Farook's handset can be used in other cases. The New York case involved an iPhone 5S running the iOS 7 operating system, while the San Bernardino, California case was about an iPhone 5C running the more modern iOS 9. What works against one device might not work against the other. But assuming the US government will at some point try again to use the All Writs Act to force Apple or some other tech company to circumvent its data protection measures, it may take a Supreme Court ruling to determine whether this is truly within the authorities' power. At this point, there is nothing to compel the FBI to reveal how it was done, although Apple is likely to be pressing hard to find out. The tech firm's lawyers have already said they would want details of the technique to be made public if evidence from the cracked iPhone is later used at trial. But it could remain secret. There is scope within US law for the authorities to withhold the source of information if it was supplied to them on a confidential basis, and to protect sensitive intelligence-gathering methodologies. Not necessarily. The court order originally obtained by the FBI had instructed Apple to come up with a special version of its operating system that would have prevented Farook's iPhone from deleting its data or imposing long lockout periods if too many incorrect passcode guesses were made. However, the latest court filings do not say that someone else has now done this, but merely that some data stored on the device has been obtained. Researchers at the cybersecurity firm IOActive had proposed that one way of getting data off an iPhone would be to "de-cap" its memory chips. The process they described involved using acid and lasers to expose and copy ID information about the device so that efforts to crack its passcode could be simulated on another computer without risk of triggering the original iPhone's self-destruct tool. If indeed this is what happened, it is not easy and there's a high risk of causing so much damage to the phone that the desired data becomes irretrievable. By contrast, Cellebrite - a data forensics firm that has reportedly helped the FBI with the case - has previously discussed "bypassing" passcode locks rather than trying to deduce the number. But it is possible that doing this would yield access to only a limited amount of a handset's data. One other point is that Apple recently updated its iOS software. Each upgrade adds security fixes. So, if the FBI has indeed been alerted to a flaw in Farook's phone's security settings, that bug may no longer exist in devices that have installed iOS 9.3. Short of destroying the device, perhaps no. But you can use encryption-enabled apps to digitally scramble data. The chat tool Wickr Messenger, for instance, lets you set it so that you have to enter a password each time you log back into the app. Likewise, PQChat requires typing in a five-digit passcode of its own to get access. So, even if a cracked iPhone did give up the contents of its text messages, emails and WhatsApp chats, the contents of the apps mentioned above should remain safe. All this presumes, however, that the authorities do not manage to install spyware on your device. If that happens, all bets are off. As part of her efforts to pass the Investigatory Powers Bill, the home secretary Theresa May has said that tech firms wouldn't have hand over encryption keys or build backdoors into their platforms. But the law still makes mention of "equipment interference warrants". Campaigners at the Electronic Frontier Foundation have warned that these could be used to force Apple and others to insert new code into a device in order to help the authorities extract data, in a similar manner to the FBI's earlier order. The EFF adds that "matching gag orders" would prevent the firms from informing their customers or even their own lawyers about the act. Equipment interference warrants already exist under the UK's current law. And for now, the focus of Apple and other tech firms is getting the Investigatory Powers Bill amended to say that in the future the warrants could only be amended with the permission of a judge. But were there to be a case where the UK police attempted to coerce Apple to override its  protective measures, it might still resist - even if the fact never became public.
The company reported a 21.8% increase in pre-tax profits to Â£14.5m for the year to 27 November. Ocado chief executive Tim Steiner said it had achieved "robust trading" in a challenging environment. However, the average order size fell 2.7% to Â£108.10 against the backdrop of continuing supermarket price wars. The rise of German competitors Aldi and Lidl has shaken up the sector, putting pressure on the big four supermarkets, Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda and Morrisons. But investors welcomed Ocado's latest results, sending its share price up by more than 7% to 262p in morning trading. Annual revenues rose 14.8% to Â£1.27bn, and the retailer's customer base grew by almost 14% over the year to 580,000. However, Ocado said it was still in continued talks with several international retailers in regards to a partnership using the Ocado Smart Platform. When it released its full-year results in February last year, Ocado said it was in "advanced discussions with multiple potential international partners" for the platform, adding it expected to sign "multiple deals" in the medium term. Analysts believe agreements with retailers in the US and western Europe are important in driving Ocado's share price. George Salmon, equity analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown said: "The group has long said it's making progress on deals with third parties, but there hasn't been much in the way of tangible progress recently. "The appointment of Luke Jensen [from Sainsbury's] as head of Ocado's Smart Platform will raise hopes that the group can finally get someone to sign on the dotted line." However, Mr Salmon warned that "following Amazon's entry into the market, competitive pressures are rising in its core business". "In this context, it's arguably more important than ever for the group to get something over the line." Last year, Morrisons agreed to supply groceries to Amazon customers in the UK under a new deal with the US online giant. Amazon's entry into the market was seen as escalating competition in the sector. In August 2016, Morrisons also built on its existing relationship with Ocado expanding its home delivery service nationwide in a new deal with the online grocer. Ocado said it had "provided the capability and execution for strong growth" in regard to its partnership with Morrisons.
The incident occurred at around 13:00 (11:00 GMT) on the 4,010m (13,155ft) Lagginhorn mountain. "The five climbers fell several hundred metres. They all died at the scene," a local police statement said. The hikers were descending the Lagginhorn when they fell. Police said it was not yet clear what caused the accident. The BBC's correspondent in Geneva, Imogen Foulkes, says it appears the five were roped together. A sixth climber who had not made the final attempt at the summit, because he felt unwell, raised the alarm immediately. Police said he had been airlifted to safety by helicopter. Police confirmed the hikers were all foreign, but said they would not disclose their nationalities until their families had been informed. Lagginhorn is the lowest of the 4,000-metre chain of mountains in the Alps, about 10km from the Italian border. It is regarded as one of the easier peaks to climb. Weather conditions in the area were said to be relatively good.
As first reported by the Southend Echo, Doreen Mann became stuck in her bath and kept herself warm by topping it up with hot water. Fortunately, Sonia Congrave, 39, became concerned when Mrs Mann did not appear at Tomassi's cafe for a couple of days. She called the police who helped the 86-year-old out of the tub last week. For more on this and other stories, visit Essex Live "Doreen is an amazing lady," Ms Congrave said. "When she didn't come in for a day or two, we realised something was wrong." Mrs Mann said she usually went to the cafe four times a week for lunch and a glass of wine and described the establishment as "her second home". Ms Congrave said now planned to pop round to Mrs Mann's to help her in and out of the bath. She also plans to buy her a mobile telephone for emergencies.
The accident, involving a Jaguar which struck a bridge barrier, happened at 05:45 at Junction 18 Charing Cross in the city. The affected lane and slip road reopened at 09:00 following repairs. Police said a 38-year-old man had been taken by ambulance to Glasgow Royal Infirmary following the crash. His condition was not thought to be life-threatening. Traffic Scotland had warned drivers that the route was likely to remain shut through the early morning rush hour. The delays affected traffic from Glasgow Airport and drivers on the M77 from Junction 5. At one point, the tailback stretched as far back as Junction 29, St James Interchange. The queues had largely dissipated by mid morning but traffic was slower than usual.
"We will absolutely want him to have the death penalty," Nikki Haley told NBC television. Suspect Dylann Roof, 21, is due to make his first court appearance on Friday. He was arrested on Thursday more than 200 miles away in North Carolina and flown back to South Carolina. Police are treating the killings at the Emanuel AME Church on Wednesday evening as a hate crime. Prayer vigils have been held in churches in Charleston and across the US for the six women and three men who died. At the vigil for victim Sharonda Singleton, her teenage children told the BBC they had forgiven her killer and wanted to focus on moving on in a positive way. "We already forgive him for what he's done," said her son, Chris. "And there's nothing but love from our side of the family. Love is stronger than hate." Churches in Charleston were full to overflowing on Thursday evening as prayer services were held. Some services were held outdoors. Hundreds gathered outside the Emanuel AME Church to pay tribute. Governor Haley told NBC's Today show that South Carolina had been "hurt" by the deaths of nine innocent people. She said she wanted the suspect tried on state charges in South Carolina rather than federal charges. Mr Roof is due to appear in court via video link for a bail hearing on Friday. He is being held at a detention centre in the Charleston area, the county sheriff's office said. He was detained on Thursday after police acting on a tip-off stopped his car in Shelby, North Carolina. Police had earlier released CCTV images of the suspect and the dark saloon car he had driven away in. Mr Roof's social media presence suggests he was interested in white supremacy. His Facebook profile page shows a picture of him wearing a jacket with flag-patches from apartheid-era South Africa and Rhodesia - the name of Zimbabwe during the era of white minority rule. He also had a Confederate flag plate on his car. Dalton Tyler, who said he was a friend of Mr Roof, told ABC News the suspect had spoken in support of racial segregation and had said "he wanted to start a civil war". It emerged on Thursday that the gunman had sat in a Bible study group at the church for nearly an hour before launching his attack. In pictures: Americans share images of racial imbalance after Charleston "The suspect entered the group and was accepted by them, as they believed that he wanted to join them in this Bible study," Charleston County Coroner Rae Wilson said. She said he then became "very aggressive and violent". Eight people died at the scene and one person died later in hospital. There were three survivors. The victims were named as Pastor Clementa Pinckney, 41; Cynthia Hurd, 54; Tywanza Sanders, 26; Ms Singleton, 45; Myra Thompson, 59; Ethel Lance, 70; Susie Jackson, 87; the Rev Daniel Simmons Sr, 74; and DePayne Doctor. Cynthia Taylor, a niece of Ms Jackson, said she had spoken to a survivor, Felecia Sanders, who said she had played dead as she lay on top of her granddaughter to protect her. US President Barack Obama said the killings again raised the issue of US gun ownership, saying: "At some point, we as a country have to reckon with the fact that this type of massacre does not happen in other advanced countries". The Emanuel church is the oldest African Methodist Episcopal (AME) church in the US south. Civil rights leader Martin Luther King gave a speech there in April 1962. Tensions have been heightened since the shooting two months ago of Walter Scott, an unarmed black man by a white police officer in North Charleston, which prompted angry protests. The officer has since been charged with murder.
Sheikh Nawwaf al-Melhem, a leader of the officially-tolerated opposition People's Party, told the BBC he had brokered an agreement between the state and inmates at Hama Central Prison. The prison's power and water supplies had now been restored, he said. Interior Minister Mohammed Shaar said the situation at the prison was normal and denied there had been any disorder. Human rights and opposition activists say the prisoners took guards hostage about a week ago as they tried to halt the transfer of several inmates to another facility where they believed they might be executed. Security forces reportedly surrounded the jail and twice failed to retake it by force. Sheikh Nawwaf, who is also a prominent tribal leader in central Syria, said he travelled to Hama Prison on Saturday afternoon. The inmates' demands focused on ensuring fair and speedy trials for those detained without trial, and the release of those held without charge, he added. Sheikh Nawwaf said he had presented the demands to Mr Shaar and Justice Minister Najm Hamad al-Ahmed in Hama on Sunday. He said a deal to end the mutiny was reached later that day and included a promise from the government of fair trials for political detainees. Leading rights activist Mazen Darwish, who is in touch with the prisoners, confirmed that a verbal agreement had been reached, but did not give any details. Another activist told Reuters news agency the government had "agreed to most of our demands to release those political detainees held without charge". The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based group that monitors the conflict in Syria, reported that 26 detainees would be released soon. Later on Monday, the official Sana news agency reported that Mr Shaar and Mr Ahmed had visited the prison, and that they promised to "provide inmates' needs" and ensure that none were mistreated. But it also cited a statement by the interior minister as saying that the situation there was "normal, contrary to the lies and fabrications spread by malicious media outlets as part of their anti-Syria propaganda". The reported deal came after conditions worsened inside the prison, with authorities cutting electricity and water supplies, and inmates reporting a food shortage and serious medical cases. Security forces also tried to storm the cell block where the prisoners were holding out on Friday and Saturday, using tear gas, rubber bullets and live ammunition. The BBC was told that 15 prisoners were shot and wounded. The revolt was sparked by a move to transfer several detainees to the notorious Sednaya Prison near Damascus. "You can't imagine, even in your worst nightmare, what kind of torture [takes place] in Sednaya," a lawyer who is in contact with the prisoners told the BBC. One activist group, the Syrian Network for Human Rights, has documented the arrest and detention of more than 117,000 people in Syria since the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad began in March 2011.
A gothic horror novel, a Victorian murder mystery and a biography of the creator of modern environmentalism were also category winners. The overall Costa book of the year will be revealed on 26 January. Atkinson won the top prize in 1995 with Behind the Scenes at the Museum. Other category winners include former teacher and librarian, Andrew Michael Hurley, who has won the first novel award for his debut, The Loney. The gothic horror initially had a first print run of just 300 copies. The judges called it "as close to the perfect first novel as you can get". Scottish poet Don Paterson won the poetry category for a second time for his "tour de force" collection titled 40 Sonnets. He last won the award 12 years ago. Historian and writer Andrea Wulf won the biography award for The Invention of Nature: The Adventures of Alexander Von Humboldt, The Lost Hero of Science. She tells the story of the visionary German naturalist whose ideas changed the way we see the natural world and created modern environmentalism. Young adult fiction and children's writer Frances Hardinge won the children's book award with The Lie Tree, a Victorian murder mystery. The five Costa book award winners each win Â£5,000 and are all now in the running to win the Costa book of the year. It is the only major UK book prize that is open solely to authors resident in the UK. Last year's Costa book of the year went to Helen Macdonald's H is for Hawk. In 2013 it was The Shock of the Fall by Nathan Filer and in 2012 it was Bring Up the Bodies by Hilary Mantel.
The freighter sank after the collision on Wednesday night, about 11km (7 miles) off the Indonesian island Batam, Singapore officials said. It was carrying 560 tonnes of fuel but there are no reports of an oil spill. The Singapore Strait is one of the busiest shipping lanes in the world, although major accidents are rare. Officials said the tanker Stolt Commitment, registered in the Cayman Islands, collided with freighter Thorco Cloud, which had the Antigua and Barbuda flag, around 20:00 local time (1200 GMT). The tanker had only minor damage. The missing are among the freighter's crew of 12 men. The rest were rescued and are currently being treated in a Singapore hospital. Anti-pollution craft have been put on standby in case of an oil spill, said Singapore's marine and port authority.
New measures announced by ECB boss Mario Draghi to support the region's economy did not meet market expectations. At close, the FTSE 100 was 145.93 points lower at 6,274.00 Whitbread rose 0.28% after Credit Suisse raised its price target for the hotel and coffee shop operator. Biggest faller was Sports Direct, down 5.4%,  as Goldman Sachs cut its target price. Mining shares weighed on the index after metals prices fell, with BHP Billiton down 3.3%. Copper prices hit a one-week low and other metal prices fell as the dollar rose following comments from Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen. Ms Yellen said the US economy had "recovered substantially" and consumer spending was "particularly solid", raising expectations of a US rate rise this month. Shares in Ashtead Group fell nearly 5% after Exane BNP Paribas cut its rating on the equipment hire group to "neutral" from "outperform". In the FTSE 250, Go-Ahead Group shares were up 2.3% after it was announced that London Midland, in which Go-Ahead owns a 65% stake, will continue to run the West Midlands rail franchise until October 2017. On the currency markets, the pound was up 0.94% against the dollar to $1.5092, but fell 1.67% against the euro to â‚¬1.3845.
Warren Whiteley and Johan Goosen went over to give South Africa an early lead before an Adam Coleman try reduced the arrears to 14-13 at the break. Eben Etzebeth was shown a yellow card for the visitors just after the restart then Bernard Foley scored a crucial try to seal a morale-boosting win. Earlier on Saturday, New Zealand beat Argentina to stay top of the table. The Wallabies, who stay bottom, eventually opened their account in this year's championship after back-to-back defeats by the All Blacks. They have had their troubles since losing the World Cup Final to New Zealand at Twickenham in October. A 3-0 series defeat to England and those defeats to New Zealand had put pressure on coach Michael Cheika. Many Wallabies fans voted with their feet and the Suncorp Stadium was half empty as the Springboks heaped on further misery in the opening minutes. Whiteley barged over for his third international try, then Goosen dived over after Adriaan Strauss intercepted a Quade Cooper punt. There were boos around the stadium with the Wallabies trailing 14-3, but they were soon silenced as a high pass from Will Genia picked out Coleman who went over in the corner. The home side carried the momentum into the second-half and Foley gave them the lead for the first time with a penalty after Etzebeth was sin-binned for a challenge. Samu Kerevi thought he had gone over in the corner for the Wallabies but his knee was adjudged to have been in touch before he grounded the ball. The Wallabies were now under the cosh and Foley gave the home side some breathing space when he dived over after a dummy pass. Australia: Folau, Haylett-Petty, Kerevi, Foley, Hodge, Cooper, Genia, Pocock, Hooper, Mumm, Coleman, Douglas, Kepu, Moore, Sio. Replacements: Polota-Nau, Slipper, Alaalatoa, Arnold, McMahon, Phipps, Kuridrani, Mitchell. South Africa: Goosen, Habana, Kriel, de Jongh, Hougaard; Jantjies, de Klerk; Whiteley, Mohoje, Louw, de Jager, Etzebeth, Adriaanse, Strauss, Mtawarira. Replacements: Mbonambi, Kitshoff, Nyakane, Mostert, du Toit, Kriel, Steyn, Mapoe.
John Askey's men were second-best on the day, but rallied in the last minute and striker Chris Holroyd bundled in from close range to draw his side level. The Daggers nosed in front in the first quarter when Corey Whitely squared for Fejiri Okenabirhie, and the onrushing midfielder dispatched firmly into the bottom corner. John Still's men remained in relative control before the interval, but could not put the match beyond doubt. Whitely struck the top of Craig Ross's bar on the stroke of half-time. They remained largely on top in the second half, but were to be undone by Holroyd's sucker punch. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 1. Second Half ends, Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 1. Substitution, Dagenham and Redbridge. Shomari Barnwell replaces Jordan Maguire-Drew. Goal!  Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 1. Chris Holroyd (Macclesfield Town). Substitution, Macclesfield Town. Chris Sutherland replaces Danny Whitaker. Substitution, Dagenham and Redbridge. Josh Staunton replaces Craig Robson. Frankie Raymond (Dagenham and Redbridge) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Corey Whitely (Dagenham and Redbridge) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Second Half begins Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 0. First Half ends, Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 0. Substitution, Dagenham and Redbridge. Luke Howell replaces Fejiri Okenabirhie. Paul Lewis (Macclesfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Goal!  Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 0. Fejiri Okenabirhie (Dagenham and Redbridge). First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
Entitled 100 Stories of Migration, some of the images are positive and celebratory. There's a picture of a smiling young mother and her child from Somalia on the beach at Brighton. Most images though are menacing and hostile, reflecting the UK and the Midlands' often contradictory response to migrants. Some show National Front marches in the 1970s and a landlady's window notice saying in stark terms: "No coloureds". "What we wanted to do was to challenge people," curator Sarah Plumb told me. "It's about asking them to question some of their negative stereotypes that are presented around migrants, often in the mainstream media." Screened on the staircase is the 1968 Birmingham speech of Enoch Powell. His anti-immigration "Rivers of Blood" warning to West Midlands Conservatives still casts a long political shadow. Prof Martin Halliwell, deputy pro-vice-chancellor at the University of Leicester, has been building links with university colleagues in Gujarat in west India. But UK political sensitivities over migrants is clouding attempts at deeper exchanges. "The government's tightening of visas for migrants from Eastern Europe has affected us dramatically and detrimentally, especially in South Asia," he said. "We are seeing a drying up of the flow of students, which is vital for the life of our universities." On Leicester's Hinckley Road, the Polish delis reflect the arrival of new migrants. In excess of 45,000 migrants have settled in the East Midlands since 2011 alone. That's the estimate in findings compiled for the BBC by researchers at Oxford University. According to new figures from the Office of National Statistics, net annual migration to the UK last year was under 300,000, with the largest group coming from Poland. The East Midlands parliamentary constituencies with the biggest migrants are Boston and Skegness in Lincolnshire, with 9,500, and Nottingham East with just over 8,000. It's the food processing industries and farms that have made the East Midlands a particularly popular destination of choice. Only London noticeably attracts more. "Migrant labour is hugely important to the East Midlands," said Simon Fisher, of the National Farmers' Union in Lincolnshire. "They offer us the labour flexibility for picking potatoes and vegetables. Without them, we wouldn't be producing the food we do." But that influx worries East Midlands council leaders. They commissioned their own research on the knock-on effects, in a report entitled The Impact of International Migration on the East Midlands. It revealed that up to 448,200 people in the East Midlands were foreign born. That's 10% of the region's population, compared with the UK average of 13.8%. "Our findings showed there was an economic benefit from migration," said councillor Paul Kenny, leader of Boston Borough Council and chairman of the migration board of East Midlands Councils. "But we also know from our experience that there are issues for our local communities." In its report, it presses for "People in the region have got concerns about migration and we need to make sure we address those needs," he added. "It's about working together in partnership. What we are saying to the future government is that we want the East Midlands to have the right resources and back-up to do the job." Whatever the response of the political parties and local council leaders in the weeks to come, the voters' concerns over migration are sure to affect the outcome of this general election. Watch my report on migration on Sunday Politics for the East Midlands with Marie Ashby on BBC One at 11:00 GM on 8 March.
The £12m January signing from West Bromwich Albion has yet to score for the Potters in nine appearances. But Hughes told BBC Radio Stoke he is backing the 23-year-old to justify the transfer fee Stoke paid for him. "Next season is when we feel Saido will have the maximum impact," said Hughes. "It's always difficult coming in half-term, so to speak, during the January transfer window, but he's integrated well within the squad - there's no issues in terms of that." After missing so much football during the 16 months between Albion turning down his move to Tottenham in August 2015 and his eventual move to Stoke, Berahino made only his fifth Stoke start in Saturday's 2-1 home defeat by Liverpool. "He hasn't played a lot of football and is still getting up to speed, it's fair to say," said Hughes. "But these games between now and the end of the season will be invaluable in terms of him understanding what we are about and what he needs to do. "We want to get him scoring and get him off and running - that will be good for him. Then we'll see a marked difference next season in terms of his impact." It is now over a year since Burundi-born former England Under-21 international Berahino scored his last goal - in Albion's 3-2 home win over Crystal Palace in February 2016.
Daley dived twice from 10m and once from 3m, while Gallantree completed the reverse routines. They scored 434.65, with Ukraine (426.45) winning silver and China (425.40) bronze in Kazan, Russia. Britain won bronze on Tuesday in the synchronised 3m springboard. It is the first time Britain has claimed two medals at a World diving championships and Gallantree becomes the first British female to win a medal at World level. "We didn't have any expectations ahead of the competition as we know China is so strong and it felt surreal to be competing and, the next thing, we're on top of the podium," said Olympic bronze medallist Daley. "It's an insane feeling and thanks to Becky for diving so well." Gallantree said she could not believe she and Daley had won, saying: "We came in for a bit of fun and to practise ahead of our individual events, but it became a bit more than that. "I never thought I would be a world champion and it's amazing to say now that I am." Earlier on Wednesday, Olympian Tonia Couch qualified for Thursday's individual 10m platform final and in doing so secured Team GB a place in the event at the Rio Olympics. The British pair were in third after the first round of an event which featured China's multiple world champion Ruolin Chen and USA's London 2012 10m champion David Boudia. Two stunning routines by Daley and solid performances from Gallantree saw them move clear of their opponents in the final rounds. Daley was using the non-Olympic Team event as a warm-up before his individual 10m platform campaign begins on Saturday. Gallantree, who came 10th alongside Alicia Blagg in the synchronised 3m springboard final on Saturday, will compete in the individual 3m event on Friday.
Microplastics from tyres and textiles are a bigger source of marine pollution than the breakdown of larger plastic waste in some areas, says the IUCN. Up to 30% of plastic released into the oceans each year comes from primary microplastics, not the disintegration of larger pieces, a report found. Debris from tyre abrasion and synthetic fabrics are the main sources, they say. The IUCN reviewed data from seven global regions to look at how much of the estimated 9.5 million tonnes of new plastic waste released into the oceans each year comes from primary microplastics. These are tiny plastic particles from the likes of consumer products rather than the degradation of larger bits of plastic in the oceans. The report found between 15% and 31% of plastic pollution came from primary microplastics, of which the biggest contributors (almost two-thirds) were abrasion of synthetic textiles, while washing, and abrasion of tyres, while driving. Synthetic rubber, made from a variant of plastic, makes up around 60% of the rubber used in tyres. Other sources included microbeads in cosmetics, which contributed about 2% of the releases to the ocean globally. FranÃ§ois Simard, deputy director of IUCN's marine programme, said the findings came as a surprise. "We discovered that most of the microplastics are coming from either the clothes or from the tyres," he told BBC News. "Microplastics are going everywhere in the sea and into the food chain, let's close the plastic tap." IUCN director general Inger Andersen said the report was "a real eye-opener". "Our daily activities, such as washing clothes and driving, significantly contribute to the pollution choking our oceans, with potentially disastrous effects on the rich diversity of life within them, and on human health," she said. The release of microbeads from cosmetic products has received widespread publicity, resulting in action from manufacturers. However, solving plastic pollution from tyres and synthetic clothes will be harder to address. Joao de Sousa, marine project manager for the IUCN's global marine programme, said solutions must include product and infrastructure design as well as consumer behaviour. For example, synthetic clothes could be designed to shed fewer fibres and consumers can act by choosing natural fabrics. In parts of the world, such as North America, primary microplastics are a bigger source of marine plastic pollution than plastic waste, according to the report. Meanwhile, synthetic textiles are the main source of primary microplastics in Asia and tyres dominate in the Americas, Europe and Central Asia. Last month, a separate report by a scientific body that advises the UN on marine environmental protection highlighted concerns about debris from vehicle tyres. Report co-editor Peter Kershaw called for further investigation and partnerships with industry to tackle the problem. Follow Helen on Twitter.
Martin Hamilton's body was discovered by a dog walker in woodland near West Calder on 17 December. The 53-year-old, who was from Glasgow, was released from prison in September 2014 but was sought by police in April for breaching the terms of his licence. Police described him at the time as "potentially dangerous". His death was being treated as unexplained. Hamilton was nicknamed the Blackhill Butcher, after the Glasgow housing estate from which he operated. He had been on the police's most-wanted list before he was jailed in 2000 over a string of charges including drug dealing, torture, abduction and sodomy. Hamilton was sentenced to a minimum of nine years in prison after being found guilty at the High Court in Inverness. The case was moved 200 miles from Glasgow amid fears that witnesses could be intimidated. Hamilton had evaded justice on 12 previous occasions when witnesses were too terrified to testify. In court, a sickening picture emerged of how Hamilton, also known as the Fat Controller, entrapped young men with offers of drugs. Two young drug addicts were imprisoned in a Glasgow flat, stabbed through the cheek and had boiling water poured over them. Another attack in Edinburgh included an attempt to cut off a victim's finger. Passing sentence, judge Lord Kingarth said: "You showed yourself capable of taking sadistic pleasure in the infliction of pain and the inspiration of real terror over long periods. You pose a substantial danger to the public." When Police Scotland issued an appeal to find Hamilton in April they said he may be dangerous and urged members of the public not to approach him. A further appeal was made in June. In October, an appeal was made on the BBC's Crimewatch programme and the Crimestoppers charity also offered a reward of Â£2,000 for information leading to his arrest. Det Supt Kenny Graham said the site near West Calder where the remains were found would stay closed off or several more days "whilst we complete further searches and specialists carry out their work". The nearby B7105 will also remain closed. Det Supt Graham said: "My condolences go out to the family of Martin Hamilton, who have had to receive such devastating news so close to Christmas. "A team of officers is dedicated to this inquiry, so we can seek to give them answers as quickly as possible. "We are continuing to conduct examinations with various scientific experts to establish exactly when and how Mr Hamilton died, and to ensure any evidence available can be captured from the scene and from the remains themselves."
The £80,000 needed for a monument to Alice Hawkins was given in one donation from a city businessman. Ms Hawkins, a shoe machinist, helped lead the Suffragette campaign in Leicester and gave speeches in London. Her grandson said the statue would be in recognition of all the women who fought for universal suffrage. The anonymous donor had originally pledged some of the funds needed for the artwork but was moved to donate the full amount after watching the film Suffragette. Ms Hawkins' grandson, Peter Barratt, said the donor had "made dreams and ambitions come true". "The statue will feature Alice but it is in recognition of all the women in the Leicester Suffragette movement 100 years ago, to gain a basic human right that that we all have today." Ms Hawkins left school in Stafford in 1876 to start work as a shoe machinist, later joining Equity Shoes, which encouraged workers to take part in political activism. From there she joined the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) and was one of 18 women to be jailed when they were charged by mounted police in Hyde Park in February 1907. After her time in prison, she organised meetings and protests in Leicester, inviting Sylvia Pankhurst and helping form the city's section of the WSPU. She died in 1946, aged 83, and was buried in an unmarked pauper's grave. Mr Barratt said he was now inviting ideas from artists for the statue and hoped it would be put up in about 18 months' time.
Aseel Muthana, from Cardiff, followed his older brother Nasser - who is already on the UN's list - in travelling to Syria in early 2014. From Syria the 18-year-old told the BBC in an online interview last year: "I am willing to die but Allah knows the truth behind the words." He faces a travel ban and a freeze of his assets. The other four UK jihadists fighting or recruiting for Islamic State militants in Syria who are subject to UN sanctions at the UK's request are: Aseel's brother, Nasser Muthana, from Cardiff, Omar Hussain from High Wycombe, Aqsa Mahmood from Glasgow and Sally-Anne Jones from Chatham in Kent. The move is a new tactic to stem the flow of recruits to the IS group. At least 700 Britons have travelled to support or fight for jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq, according to British police. About half have since returned to the UK. The UN sanctions regime was set up to tackle suspected al-Qaeda terrorism and extended to IS. The UN list contains the names of 72 organisations and 231 individuals. British nationals Abu Hamza al-Masri, currently serving a life sentence in prison after being found guilty of supporting terrorism, and Syrian-born Mohammed al Ghabra, 35, from east London, who has been linked to al-Qaeda, were already on the list.
The victim, in his 60s, had been karting at the Ellough Park circuit in Suffolk on Sunday afternoon. Ambulance crews found the man unconscious and not breathing when they arrived at the track near Beccles and treated him at the scene but he died there. Suffolk Police have started an investigation into the death, working with Waveney District Council. More updates on this news story and other stories in Suffolk A spokesperson for the council said: "As part of our responsibility for health and safety issues, our Environmental Protection team are working with Suffolk Police regarding this incident to establish the course of events."
She was making dinner in her flat in the Leith area of Edinburgh when she made the discovery. The woman called for a friend to help contain the animal, only to find it had disappeared. It was later found in a cupboard and is now being cared for by the Scottish SPCA, which has named him Zak while it tries to trace his owner. The California Kingsnake is non-venomous but can bite and rattle its tail. It is thought he may have squeezed through the pipework in the block of flats. Fiona Thorburn, of the Scottish SPCA, said: "The lady was just about to have her dinner and got a real fright when she reached into the drawer to grab cutlery and found Zak curled up on the knives and forks. "As she has a phobia of snakes, she called her friend for help to contain him only to discover that he had disappeared from the drawer. "Thankfully they managed to locate him in a cupboard elsewhere in the kitchen before he sneaked away. "Zak is quite large for an escapee and it's usually smaller snakes that can squeeze through pipework in flats. "However, all snakes can be really good escape artists, so there's every chance Zak has an owner nearby who is looking for him."
The female spaniel was found by an off-duty policeman in West Malling, Kent, on Wednesday morning. The charity said the dog - thought to be a springer or cocker spaniel - had been thrown into an enclosed gateway to a designated dog walking field. It believed the pup, which has a docked tail, was left the night before. RSPCA inspector Rosie Russon said: "This poor pup is lucky to be alive.  When she was found, there was frozen solid faeces on the floor next to her. "How she survived in such freezing conditions, I don't know." The dog is receiving treatment for a skin condition and sore eye at the charity's centre in Chobham, Surrey. Ms Russon said that after a 14-day abandonment notice ends and she is fully recovered, the team will find her a new home. She added: "It's outrageous that somebody thought this was an appropriate way to dump their dog. It was an extremely cruel thing to do." The charity is keen to hear from anyone who may have information.
A 10-year spending plan, published in 2015, added £24.4bn for new maritime patrol aircraft, infantry vehicles, and to speed up the purchase of F35B jets. However, a National Audit Office report warned it must first find £5.8bn in new savings to meet the extra commitments. Defence minister Harriett Baldwin said it was delivering an affordable plan. The government set out its Strategic Defence and Security Review (SDSR) in November 2015, announcing £12bn in extra defence spending. The review included plans for nine Boeing P8 maritime patrol aircraft - to replace the RAF's scrapped Nimrod jets - and that the purchase of 24 new F35 fighter aircraft would be accelerated. The NAO report said additional planned expenditure amounted to £24.4bn of new commitments to the MoD budget. The projected cost of funding the plan increased to £178bn - a rise of 7% - it said. 4,500 miles (7,200 km) maximum range without refuelling 490 knots (910km/h; 560mph) maximum speed 28 P-8A Poseidon aircraft in use by the United States 2 other countries, India and Australia, have variants of the aircraft in use or on order The review said the MoD was already having to use a £10bn contingency fund set aside for emergencies and will have to find another £5.8bn in savings over the next 10 years. The report warned the MoD had yet to generate £2.5bn of the £7.1bn savings already factored into the plan. However, head of the NAO, Sir Amyas Morse, said the affordability of the equipment plan "is at greater risk than at any time since its inception". "It is worrying to see that the costs of the new commitments arising from the review considerably exceed the net increase in funding for the plan. "There is little room for unplanned cost growth and the MoD must actively guard against the risk of a return to previous practice where affordability could only be maintained by delaying or reducing the scope of projects." The spending plans have also been hit by recent currency fluctuations as the MoD looks to buy new equipment from the US. Minister for Defence Procurement Harriett Baldwin said the 10-year plan would deliver "the best kit for our armed forces at the best value for the taxpayer". "We are focused on maintaining an affordable programme and delivering the efficiencies we need to reinvest in cutting-edge ships, planes, versatile strike brigades, and greater cyber capabilities, so that our Armed Forces have the equipment they need to keep the UK safe and secure."
After the show, a cast member thanked Mr Pence for attending and read a letter to him on stage. "We, sir, are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us," Brandon Dixon said. The incident has angered President-elect Donald Trump, who has accused the cast of "harassing" his running mate. The President-elect has gone as far as to demand an apology to a "very good man", apparently misunderstanding that the cast implored the audience to stop booing Mr Pence. "Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing. This should not happen!" Mr Trump tweeted. "The theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!" His tweet did not go unnoticed by Mr Dixon, who immediately stepped in to defend his castmates. "@realDonaldTrump conversation is not harassment sir," he wrote. "And I appreciate @mike_pence for stopping to listen." Mr Pence was loudly booed as he entered the theatre. Audience members said the performance was repeatedly stopped because of jeers. However, the message, which was reportedly penned by the show's writers when they learned that Mr Pence planned to attend, was greeted with cheers from the audience at the Richard Rogers Theatre in New York. An audience member tweeted to say there was a three-minute standing ovation when one character performed a song directly to Mr Pence which included the lyrics: "A small query for you / What comes next? / You've been freed / Do you know how hard it is to lead?" When Mr Dixon addressed theatregoers at the end, he urged them not to boo and asked Mr Pence, who was leaving, to stay and listen. "You know, we had a guest in the audience this evening, and Vice-President-elect Pence, I see you are walking out but I hope you will hear us. "There's nothing to boo here, ladies and gentlemen... We have a message for you, sir, and we hope you will hear us out." Mr Dixon continued: "We truly hope that his show has inspired you to uphold our American values and work on behalf of all of us. "We truly thank you for sharing this wonderful American story told by a diverse group of men and women of different colours, creeds, and orientations." A staunch conservative, Mr Pence sparked an outcry earlier this year after signing a law critics said discriminated against the LGBT community by allowing businesses to refuse service over religious beliefs. He later amended the bill. He is not the first high-profile politician to attend the critically-acclaimed and hugely popular Hamilton, which tells the story of US founding father Alexander Hamilton. President Barack Obama saw the musical last year and joined the cast backstage after the performance. Hillary Clinton, who lost to Mr Trump in last week's election, also saw the show. She was supported by its creator, Lin-Manuel Miranda, during her campaign. Read more: Trump's vice-president-elect: Who is Mike Pence?
Media playback is not supported on this device The Latics have lost all three of their games this season but could have picked up a point against Walsall were it not for Erhun Oztumer's 90th-minute winner. Sheridan's side have conceded seven goals in their opening three fixtures. "I'm watching players who I'm telling at half-time are excellent, and in the second half they're not at the races," he told BBC Radio Manchester. "I pick the team, I need five or six players. I need changes to the system and some players, unfortunately, are not good enough at this moment to get in the team. "A couple of them are playing as well and I don't like saying that, but we're not going to go where I want us to go." Saturday's defeat by Walsall means Oldham are now without a win in their past six games in all competitions. "Luckily for me only two games have gone in the season, and I want to sort it out as quickly as I can," Sheridan continued. "There's lots of positives to take from [the defeat by Walsall] but we've only had a drink and sat down for 10 minutes, so why am I watching a different team in the second half?"
Brian O'Hagan, 22, whose address was given as Maghaberry prison, abused members of the hospital's A&E department as they tried to treat him for head injuries. The incident happened hours after O'Hagan was caught stealing a bottle of alcohol from a supermarket. The judge said that his behaviour in the hospital was appalling. A prosecution solicitor said his behaviour upset other patients in the hospital. The judge warned that neither he nor other judges would tolerate what he called the loutish behaviour by people in the hospital.
Net profit was up by 1% to €1.69bn (£1.51bn). In the UK, its biggest market, Santander said the Brexit vote had resulted in "economic uncertainty and financial market volatility". It said it had put aside £30m extra for Payment Protection Insurance claims. The bank's net profit for the quarter dropped to £477m in the UK, down from £496m for the same period last year. It was also down in its third-biggest market, Spain. However, its second-biggest market, Brazil, saw a "strong performance", with an increase in both profit and net interest income. The group's net interest income - the money it made on lending, measured by the difference between the interest it gets from borrowers and what it pays savers - fell by 2.3% to €7.79bn. "While the low-interest-rate environment within developed economies remains a challenge for parts of our business, the resilience of our business model has allowed us to continue to deliver, with our Latin American and consumer finance franchises growing particularly well throughout the year.," said the group's executive chairman, Ana Botin. However, she added: "We expect to end 2016 exceeding last year's profit, enabling us to increase our dividend per share and earnings per share." In its UK management statement, the bank said it expected the country's decision to leave the EU to result in the near term in "lower consumer confidence and, over time, lower economic growth". "In addition, the lower value of sterling, when combined with an ongoing increase in oil prices, is likely to lead to higher inflation," it added. Nathan Bostock, UK chief executive, added: "Although we have not seen a material impact on our business in the short period since the EU referendum, we do expect a more challenging macroeconomic environment ahead." The additional £30m provision for PPI mis-selling in the third quarter means that in the first nine months of this year, Santander has set aside £397m for compensation and related costs. It said the provision "represents our best estimate of future PPI-related claims costs, including the impact of the delayed two-year time bar". Lloyds Banking Group announced on Thursday it had set aside an extra £1bn in the third quarter to handle PPI costs. Challenger bank Metro Bank also reported quarterly profits on Wednesday. The bank, which listed on the London Stock Exchange in March, saw underlying pre-tax profits jump by 118% to £600,000 compared with the second quarter, when it made a loss of £3.4m. It did not report an equivalent figure for the third quarter of 2015. Its net interest margin was 1.95% - up from 1.93%, compared with the second quarter, where, again, it did not report an equivalent figure. Metro, which offers retail, business and private banking, said customer accounts had risen from 780,000 in the three months to 30 September to 848,000. Lending increased by 73% to £5.19bn. while total deposits were up 66% to £7.3bn. "I am delighted to announce another strong quarter, with substantial growth across lending, deposits and customer accounts, as well as the bank reporting its first quarterly underlying profit," said chief executive Craig Donaldson.
Since the pair crashed in Spain in May, Hamilton has won four out of five races to move to within one point of Rosberg. "Ever since the low of Barcelona I've been able to cultivate this really strong mental attitude," he said. "I'm feeling fresh, powerful and confident heading to Hungary." World champion Hamilton, 31, has won four times in Hungary, but his last victory at the circuit came in 2013 and he was sixth last year. "I have incredible support there, so I can't wait to get out on track," said the Briton. "The past couple of years I haven't had the smoothest of weekends in Budapest - but I know I've got the pace, so I'm gunning to turn that around this time." German Rosberg, 31, finished eighth in Hungary last year and has a highest-placed finish of fourth at the Hungaroring. He said: "The battle is on with Lewis and I'm feeling great in myself and great in the car - so bring it on." Mercedes chief Toto Wolff is expecting a tough challenge this weekend and said the track "plays to the strength of our rivals". He added: "The Red Bull, for example, is a car that functions well where high drag isn't penalised as much as at other types of circuit. "In wet conditions and at low-speed circuits such as the Hungaroring, they are a major threat. "We will need to be flawless to come out on top." Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Mr Pompeo said he was "honoured and humbled" to accept US President-elect Donald Trump's job offer as Central Intelligence Agency director. The 52-year-old, a three-term tea party Republican from Wichita, Kansas, is a vehement critic of the Obama administration's nuclear deal with Iran. He has also defended the National Security Agency's bulk data collection programme and opposes shutting the prison at Guantanamo Bay. After visiting the detention facility in 2013, he remarked that some inmates who had declared a hunger strike looked like they had put on weight. Mr Pompeo also defended the CIA after the 2014 release of the Senate Intelligence Committee Report on Torture, which detailed such interrogation practices as waterboarding. He declared: "These men and women are not torturers, they are patriots". The CIA tactics, he declared, "were within the law, within the constitution". Mr Pompeo graduated first in his class at West Point and graduated from Harvard Law School, where he was an editor of its Law Review. He was elected to the House of Representatives in 2010 with the support of the Republican mega-donors Charles and David Koch. Mr Pompeo became a member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Before joining Congress, Mr Pompeo founded an aviation parts firm and an oilfield supply company. He was accused of Islamophobia for remarks he made following the deadly 2013 Boston marathon bombing. Mr Pompeo took to the House floor to suggest some Islamic faith leaders might be tacitly encouraging terrorist attacks. "When the most devastating terrorist attacks on America in the last 20 years come overwhelmingly from people of a single faith and are performed in the name of that faith a special obligation falls on those that are the leaders of that faith," he said. "Instead of responding, silence has made these Islamic leaders across America potentially complicit in these acts and, more importantly still, in those that may well follow." While he was a congressional candidate in 2010, one of his campaign aides sent a tweet linking to an article that labelled his Indian-American Democratic opponent Raj Goyle a "turban topper". Mr Pompeo apologised; his campaign also sent out billboard ads urging everyone to "vote American". He also served on the House Select Benghazi Committee, a special panel created in 2014 to investigate the deadly attack two years earlier on a US diplomatic compound in Libya. Democrats described it as a political witch hunt against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Mr Pompeo released a report afterwards accusing her of intentionally misleading Americans about the nature of the attack to help President Barack Obama's re-election bid.
The visitors moved on from their overnight 182-7 to 313 all out, giving them a first-innings lead of 188 runs. Ollie Robinson (81) and Ben Brown (71) put on 133 for the eighth wicket. Having been bowled out for 135 on day one, Leicestershire fared little better as paceman Jofra Archer (3-31) added to his four first-innings wickets. David Wiese (3-20) helped Sussex to 22 points from the match - enough to lift them above Worcestershire and up to third in the Division Two table. Leicestershire captain Mark Cosgrove: "We didn't play well, and it was pretty disappointing. To put in a performance like that on the back of the defeat by Essex was poor. "I think the effort and respect we should have showed wasn't there. We were lucky to be in the game this morning, thanks to Neil Dexter's efforts on day one, but no-one helped him out. "I don't think there's been a reaction to the news [director of elite performance] Andrew McDonald is leaving, definitely not. "This is professional sport, people move on, so I'd be pretty disappointed if I heard any of the boys talking about that. There are no excuses." Sussex captain Ben Brown: "It takes a lot of character to come back from losing as comprehensively as we did against Kent last week, but we have to understand we're a young side and there are going to be ups and downs. "We had a long honest chat about moving forward, and this is a step in that direction. "I felt there was a huge amount in the pitch, it wasn't a great one to be perfectly honest, and Ollie and I looked to counter-attack this morning. As we went on it got a little bit easier, as it always does, and we took it to the opposition, and a lead of 178 was always going to be decisive: to get over 300 on a 160 pitch was a fantastic effort. "Jofra Archer is a great talent, he'll have good and bad spells, but he bowled some frightening deliveries, cleaning guys up with balls going like off-spinners at 85mph."
Yassin Salhi, 35, caused an explosion by ramming his vehicle into an area containing flammable liquids, prosecutors say. His boss, the owner of a delivery firm, was found beheaded alongside flags with Arabic inscriptions. President Francois Hollande has held a security meeting with ministers. Prime Minister Manuel Valls cut short his visit to South America to return to France which is on its highest state of alert after the attack in the small town of Saint-Quentin-Fallavier some 40km (25 miles) from Lyon. Officials and residents of Saint-Quentin-Fallavier gathered outside the town hall on Saturday morning to observe a minute's silence. Mr Salhi was arrested at the Air Products factory on Friday morning. Later, anti-terror police searched the apartment of Mr Salhi, a father-of-three, in the Moines neighbourhood of the town. They took his wife and sister into custody. Another man was arrested but released without charge. Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre, spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor's office, has said police have so far not found any motive or possible foreign connection, and that Mr Salhi is not speaking to investigators. Under French anti-terrorism laws, suspects can be held for up to four days before either being released or charged. Yassin Salhi had been investigated in the past about his alleged links with Islamist militants. It is alleged he was waved through the gates of the factory because he was a regular delivery driver. Police and firefighters later found a half-destroyed car which had been rammed into canisters containing chemicals and a man trying to ignite more. Mr Salhi's boss, a 54-year-old man whose name has not been released by police, was found beheaded at the scene. His head had been placed on the factory railings. It is not clear when he died. Speaking after the attack, President Hollande said: "We have no doubt that the attack was to blow up the building. It bears the hallmarks of a terrorist attack." He said the attack would remind people of the attacks in and around Paris in January that killed 17 people. "We all remember what happened before in our country. There is therefore a lot of emotion," he said. US-owned Air Products makes gases and chemicals and has employees in 50 countries around the world. Chief Executive Seifi Ghasemi said: "I believe I speak for all of our Air Products family around the world in expressing our deepest sympathies to the family of the victim of this unspeakable act. "My heart also goes out to the people who work at the site and their families."
About 40,000 homes have been damaged by floods caused by heavy rains, and 20,000 people have been rescued. In Livingston Parish, home to 138,000 people, officials estimate that 75% of homes have been completely destroyed. Residents returning to their homes are finding standing water, mould, and pest infestations, while the threat of further flooding and rainfall remains. David Key arrived at his house in Prairieville by boat this morning to find five inches (12.7 cm) of "muddy nasty bayou water". "I'm not going to lie, I cried uncontrollably," he said. "But you have to push forward and make it through. Like everybody says, you still have your family." The National Weather Service is predicting that the chance of thunderstorms will continue in the region throughout the week, with temperatures expected to reach 32C (92F). At an afternoon press conference in Baton Rouge, Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards updated the death toll to eight people, and described how emergency crews are continuing with rescues. "Nobody is going to be forgotten and we're going work around the clock," Mr Edwards said, calling the disaster a "historic flooding event". "It's unprecedented," he told reporters. "We understand that there are a lot of people who are suffering." Emergency crews are checking washed away cars for the bodies of motorists who may have become trapped inside. Floodwaters have been receding today in most of the effected areas, however water levels are rising in the southern parts of the state as the excess water washes downriver and out to sea.
Media playback is not supported on this device Gareth Furlong gave Wales the lead in the first period before securing a second goal from a penalty stroke. Rupert Shipperley finished a strong team goal to take Wales 3-0 up as they dominated the game. Wales will now face either Ireland in Saturday's semi-finals with the hope of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in India. Co-captain Luke Hawker says they squad have developed over the course of the eight-day tournament. "It is probably the first time this week we've put a 70 minute display together on both sides of the ball. "Really pleasing to come away with the three goals and the victory but equally as pleasing to keep a clean sheet. That's something we pride ourselves on. "We keep pushing ourselves. Keep asking a bit more. Every time we go back to the video and review the game just gone. "Both our rest days were down here on the training ground and fine tuning really. It's great to see that transferring into on field performances" A top-two finish in the eight-team tournament would lift Wales in the rankings and give them a chance of a first World Cup appearance. Their victory against Italy puts them just one win away from the final, which would enable them to qualify for the World League Semi Finals tournament to be played this summer, which acts as a World Cup qualifier. Wales could also qualify for the 2018 Commonwealth Games if they are ranked in the top 10 eligible nations by the end of the season. "For us this is a victory in a sense. The tournament and coming here and getting to semi-final is great for us as a group," Hawker continued. "We are not the sort of squad who will rest on our laurels. The hard work's done. I think we can play with a bit of freedom and go on and see if we can get that cherry at the end."
Suleiman Al-Sadi, from Bristol, said members of staff at a store in the city whistled and laughed at him while he was shopping for a sofa last Tuesday. He said he was "shocked and horrified" when they made jokes about his "camp" appearance. DFS said an investigation was under way and several staff had been suspended. Mr Al-Sadi said "five sales guys" looked at him and started laughing when he walked into the shop at Cribbs Causeway. He said one of them joked they "should probably take him to look around the beds". "I was shocked, confused, horrified. A couple of them started whistling. I felt like I'd stepped back into the 1970s. "They were trying to taunt me. It was making fun and jokes of my appearance. They didn't take me seriously." Mr Al-Sadi complained to DFS. The company said it was "disappointed" to hear of the allegations and was "taking it extremely seriously". A spokesman said: "We have apologised to the customer for any unintentional distress caused and remain in regular dialogue with him as we look into the issue further. "Following the complaint, a formal investigation is under way and several employees have been suspended pending completion of the investigation. "Should anyone be found to have breached our standards, further disciplinary action will be taken."
Llai na mis ar ôl dechrau ar ei swydd newydd, mae is-ganghellor Prifysgol Aberystwyth, Elizabeth Treasure, wedi ysgrifennu llythyr at staff yn gofyn iddyn nhw ystyried diswyddiadau gwirfoddol. Yn y llythyr, sydd wedi dod i law BBC Cymru Fyw, mae'r is-ganghellor yn dweud bod angen i'r brifysgol wneud arbedion o fwy na £11m dros y ddwy flynedd nesaf. Fe ddywedodd undeb UNSAIN bod pryder am ddyfodol "150 o swyddi". Daw'r newyddion ychydig fisoedd ar ôl i Brifysgol De Cymru gadarnhau bod 139 o swyddi yn cael eu colli ar draws tri champws yn Nhrefforest, Casnewydd a Chaerdydd. Dywedodd Prifysgol Aberystwyth bod toriadau yn sgil newidiadau a heriau, yn cynnwys cystadleuaeth gynyddol am fyfyrwyr a chostau cynyddol. "O ganlyniad i'r ffactorau hyn, rydym yn wynebu diffyg yn y gyllideb ac yn darogan bod angen gwneud arbedion sylweddol o £6m yn 2017-18 a £5.4m yn 2018-19," meddai llefarydd. Yn ôl y brifysgol, mae ansicrwydd ariannol pellach o ganlyniad i benderfyniad y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd, yn ogystal â rheoliadau fisa mwy llym ar gyfer myfyrwyr rhyngwladol. Ychwanegodd y llefarydd na fydd newid i gyllidebau prosiectau cyfalaf Campws Arloesi a Menter Aberystwyth, Pantycelyn a'r Hen Goleg. Doedd y brifysgol ddim am gadarnhau nifer y swyddi, na'r adrannau lle gallai swyddi gael eu colli. Mae'r undeb UNSAIN yn cynrychioli tua 300 o staff Prifysgol Aberystwyth. Dywedodd swyddog ardal Ceredigion, Jeff Baker: "Mae'r brifysgol wedi cwrdd â'r undebau llafur ac o ystyried graddfa'r arbedion sydd eu hangen, rydyn ni'n deall bod hyd at 150 o swyddi mewn perygl." Ychwanegodd: "Prifysgol Aberystwyth yw un o'r tri chyflogwr mwyaf yn y gorllewin a bydd y golled yma'n cael dylanwad anferthol ar yr economi'n lleol. "Dylai unrhyw ddiswyddiadau gael eu cyflwyno'n deg ar bob lefel, ac ein gobaith yw sicrhau mesurau ychwanegol i amddiffyn staff cyflogedig sydd ar raddfa is. "Mae staff ar y cyflogau isaf eisoes wedi cael eu bwrw gan doriadau i'w hawliau pensiwn." Ychwanegodd y swyddog bod amserlen y brifysgol o gyflwyno'r newidiadau cyn diwedd mis Mai yn "gwbl afrealistig".
It had been thought that being unhappy was bad for health - particularly for the heart. But the decade-long analysis, published in the Lancet, said previous studies had just confused cause and effect. However, experts argued that unhappiness in childhood may still have a lasting impact. A series of studies had shown that how happy people are, strongly predicts how long they are going to live. Ideas included detrimental changes in stress hormones or the immune system resulting in a higher risk of death. But the research team in the UK and Australia said those studies failed to deal with reverse causality - namely, that people who are ill are not very happy. Participants in the Million Women Study were asked to regularly rate their health, happiness and levels of stress. The results showed that whether people were "never", "usually" or "mostly" happy had no impact on their odds of dying during the duration of the study once other factors such as health or whether they smoked were taken into account. Dr Bette Liu, one of the researchers at the University of New South Wales in Australia, said: "Illness makes you unhappy, but unhappiness itself doesn't make you ill. "We found no direct effect of unhappiness or stress on mortality, even in a 10-year study of a million women." Co-author Prof Sir Richard Peto, from the University of Oxford, said light smokers had double the risk of an early death and regular smokers had three times the risk of dying during the study period, but that happiness was "irrelevant". He said it could have indirect effects if people started consuming large amounts of alcohol or massively overeating, but happiness itself "does not have any material, direct, effect on mortality". But he warned the myth may be too entrenched to shake off: "People will still believe stress causes heart attacks after this story has been and gone. "It isn't true, but it suits people to believe it." In a commentary, Dr Philipe de Souto Barreto and professor Yves Rolland from the University Hospital of Toulouse in France, said: "Further research from a lifecourse perspective is needed since happiness during critical periods, such as childhood, could have important consequences on health in adulthood."
Formula 1's bosses decided on Thursday not to introduce the protection until 2018 because they felt the 'halo' device tested so far needed more work. But Rosberg said: "It is all ready to go. It just needs to be put on the car. "For sure we all want it to be put on the car as soon as possible. I am disappointed and we'll look into that." Some drivers believe it was the right decision to postpone the introduction of the halo. Media playback is not supported on this device Renault's Jolyon Palmer said: "F1 safety is very good at the moment. We have very big run offs, I am pretty happy with the safety levels we have at the moment. "It is personal preference, I know a lot of the drivers, especially the younger ones, are in the same camp as me." But Rosberg said: "The large majority of drivers agree we need to get it on the car as soon as possible. It makes sense. "It is such a huge step for safety." The Grand Prix Drivers' Association [GPDA] has been vocal in pushing for the introduction of the halo and on Thursday its chairman, former F1 driver Alexander Wurz, said he "hoped F1 does not come to regret the decision". Wurz added that it "could almost be seen as 'business first and safety second'". Four-time champion Sebastian Vettel, a director of the GPDA, said: "I haven't read exactly what the reasoning was. It still remains positive that from 2018 onwards it is going to be on the car." The decision to postpone the introduction of the halo caught some team insiders by surprise as all had been given the impression so far this year by the FIA, motorsport's world governing body, that it was working towards introducing the device in 2017. F1 race director Charlie Whiting said the main reason for the delay was to give more time for drivers to assess its impact. Whiting said: "The decision was taken that simply because only three drivers have ever tried it, and they have only done a total of four laps. "This was something that everyone felt was quite a relevant thing and it wouldn't really be feasible to expect, in the short term, to get the relevant number of laps with the halo. That was the reason for introducing if for 2018 instead of 2017." Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Welfare crews warned it risked death because it was so woolly from living in the wild for several years. More than 40kg (88lb) of wool was removed in what the RSPCA says is the heaviest wool haul from one shearing. National shearing champion Ian Elkins was urgently called in on Wednesday to tackle the mammoth merino. Mr Elkins described Thursday's marathon sheering session as one of his biggest challenges, saying he had never seen anything like it in 35 years of work. Chris the sheep had to be sedated during the very delicate operation. Mr Elkins said he was proud Australia had claimed the title from New Zealand, likening it to "the rivalry on the rugby field". The massive bundle of fleece tipped the scales at more than 42kg (92lb), but was revised down to 40kg (88lb) to counter the weight of the bag. Animal welfare officials said Chris was "four-to-five times its normal size" before going under the knife. In 2004, Shrek the New Zealand sheep was found after six years on the loose. The animal - also a merino - later lost his giant 27kg (60lb) fleece in a televised shearing broadcast live around the world.
The government's policy  was challenged over data security and privacy concerns. Aadhaar, which means foundation, started out as a voluntary programme to help tackle benefit fraud. However, it has become increasingly critical for any financial transactions and for access to welfare schemes. States have been using Aadhaar to transfer government pensions, scholarships, wages for a landmark rural jobs-for-work scheme and benefits for cooking fuel to targeted recipients, and distribute cheap food to the poor. The government argues that Aadhaar has cut waste, removed fakes, curbed corruption and made substantial savings. But questions have been raised about the moral authority of the government to force citizens to share biometric data. Activists say it is in breach of the UN's Fundamental Right of Privacy.
A large tipper truck was observed delivering the tyres under cover of darkness on Wednesday night. A council spokesperson said the bonfire was on land owned by the Housing Executive (NIHE) in Ballybeen. "The council has been in touch with the NIHE to raise the issue of the tyres at the site and to request the matter is investigated," they said. "The Northern Ireland Environment Agency has also been contacted by the council regarding the nature and volume of the bonfire material." Asked about the burning of tyres on bonfires on the Radio Ulster's Nolan programme, community worker Jim Wilson there was "a very, very small minority we are talking about where we have problems". "You're talking about businesses making money out of it, and that comes down to the PSNI to deal with it." Meanwhile, Belfast City Council said it had received reports that tyres had been collected at a bonfire at Avoneil in the east of the city. "We have been engaging with the local community at this site to have the tyres removed and will continue in our efforts to manage the negative impacts of the bonfire which includes the burning of tyres," a spokesperson said. Ulster Unionist Cllr Jim Rodgers said the inclusion of tyres in bonfires was "a worrying development". He said that councillors had met the police and asked them to be "more pro-active" regarding bonfires.
Nile Ranger was involved in the first meaningful chance as his neat flick found Anthony Wordsworth on the edge of the box, but the midfielder's low shot was well saved by James Shea. Ranger then got a brilliant opener for Southend in the 35th minute, shuffling past three players and prodding a shot into the right-hand corner while off balance to score his third goal in as many games. The Dons had been wasteful in possession but Lyle Taylor nearly latched onto Tom Soares' through-ball just before half-time. Simon Cox doubled Southend's lead shortly after the hour mark after taking advantage of a fortunate rebound in midfield and lashing past Shea from 20 yards. Shrimpers substitute Theo Robinson hit the post after latching on to a ball over the top, but the away side were rarely troubled at the other end as they maintained their play-off hopes. Match report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, AFC Wimbledon 0, Southend United 2. Second Half ends, AFC Wimbledon 0, Southend United 2. Foul by Darius Charles (AFC Wimbledon). (Southend United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Dean Parrett (AFC Wimbledon) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Theo Robinson (Southend United). Will Nightingale (AFC Wimbledon) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Nile Ranger (Southend United). Attempt blocked. Darius Charles (AFC Wimbledon) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Foul by Andy Barcham (AFC Wimbledon). Will Atkinson (Southend United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Paul Robinson (AFC Wimbledon) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Nile Ranger (Southend United). Substitution, AFC Wimbledon. Dominic Poleon replaces Lyle Taylor. Substitution, AFC Wimbledon. Tyrone Barnett replaces Tom Elliott. Corner,  Southend United. Conceded by Darius Charles. Theo Robinson (Southend United) hits the right post with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. Substitution, Southend United. Theo Robinson replaces Simon Cox. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Simon Cox (Southend United) because of an injury. Lyle Taylor (AFC Wimbledon) is shown the yellow card. Attempt blocked. Dean Parrett (AFC Wimbledon) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Delay in match Andy Barcham (AFC Wimbledon) because of an injury. Corner,  AFC Wimbledon. Conceded by Jason Demetriou. Substitution, AFC Wimbledon. Dean Parrett replaces Tom Soares. Attempt missed. Lyle Taylor (AFC Wimbledon) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Goal!  AFC Wimbledon 0, Southend United 2. Simon Cox (Southend United) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Corner,  AFC Wimbledon. Conceded by Anton Ferdinand. Attempt missed. Jake Reeves (AFC Wimbledon) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Will Nightingale (AFC Wimbledon) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Ben Coker (Southend United). Corner,  Southend United. Conceded by James Shea. Attempt saved. Will Atkinson (Southend United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Foul by Tom Soares (AFC Wimbledon). Anthony Wordsworth (Southend United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Tom Elliott (AFC Wimbledon) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Second Half begins AFC Wimbledon 0, Southend United 1. First Half ends, AFC Wimbledon 0, Southend United 1. Foul by Tom Soares (AFC Wimbledon). Anthony Wordsworth (Southend United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
The move could allow it to eventually better compete with the likes of YouTube and traditional television channels for advertising revenue. Users with Apple TV, Amazon's Fire TV and Samsung's Smart TVs will be able to watch Facebook's user-generated videos directly on their televisions. The announcement is in line with Facebook's increasing focus on video. The company has recently been paying creators for exclusive premium video content, and is heavily promoting the Facebook Live feature that allows users to live stream events. Facebook says the standalone app will be released "soon". The only screen Facebook doesn't dominate right now is the biggest one in your home. The company's decision to launch these TV apps - which we've been expecting for some time now - is the first significant step the company has made to build its challenge to the likes of Netflix and Hulu. To do that, though, it will need to offer programmes that are of a far higher quality than what is on Facebook right now. That will require big investment in getting top talent to make Facebook-only video. One interesting move will be how it plans to make money from TV. If Facebook feels it can make its content free (with income coming from advertising), then it could give subscriber services like Netflix and Amazon Prime serious pause for thought. The announcement by the social media giant was made together with several other news about the company's video features. Videos will now autoplay sound in the news feed and will be displayed in full, even if they are vertical.
McKinnon was also interviewed for the vacancy at St Mirren, but the Paisley club instead appointed Dumbarton's Ian Murray. The 44-year-old has joined Rovers on a two-year contract. Chief executive Eric Drysdale said: "Ray ticks all the boxes and we are confident he can take us forward." Rovers were seeking a new manager after Grant Murray, who had been in charge for three years, was sacked in April following five straight defeats. Now Malpas, the 52-year-old former Motherwell and Swindon Town manager who had been in his role since December, has also left the Kirkcaldy club. "As promised, the board has taken great care in its search for someone to replace Grant Murray," said Drysdale. "We spoke in detail to four of the very best candidates from a very long list of applicants. "Only one, Ray, was formally offered the job and we are very pleased that he has accepted." Former Rovers player McKinnon, who previously managed junior club Lochee United, recently signed a new contract at Glebe Park. First-team coach Laurie Ellis took charge of the Kirkcaldy side for the final Scottish Championship match of the season - a 2-2 draw away to Dumbarton - as they finished in sixth place. McKinnon, who took over as Brechin boss in 2012, led his side to a fourth-place finish in League One this season. However, they missed out on promotion after losing 2-1 on aggregate to Alloa Athletic in their play-off semi-final. McKinnon, who began his career at Tannadice, had two spells as a player at Stark's Park. He made five appearances in 2000 after leaving Livingston before joining Portadown, and Rovers were his final senior club, making 12 appearances in 2003 after leaving Montrose. McKinnon also had spells with Nottingham Forest, Luton Town, Stirling Albion, East Fife and Torquay United and finished his career in junior football with Lochee and Broughty Athletic.
400 Football League games later, however, Flynn will lead the Exiles to Crewe Alexandra at the weekend as their manager after the sacking of Graham Westley, albeit with the club teetering on the edge of being relegated back to non-league. But the wilderness of the non-league scene is exactly where the lifelong association between Flynn and Newport begun. Given a reprieve by manager Tim Harris and a chance with the first team after his youth team axing, Flynn also found employment as a postman. Thanks to his form with the Exiles, a nickname earned rather than chosen after years spent out of the city as a reformed club without a home, Flynn impressed as a midfielder with an eye for goal. In the non-league pyramid at least, this postman did always deliver. A switch to full time football was the dream, achieved with a transfer to Barry Town, a move that changed the course of Flynn's life. There was to be no future in shelf stacking or letter delivering for Flynn after joining the full time Welsh Premier League side, as he went on to make over 400 Football League appearances for the likes of Gillingham, Wigan and Bradford City. He returned to his first club and first love Newport County five years ago, helping to steer them to a promotion 25 years in the making. Flynn was 'heartbroken' when the club released him as Terry Butcher axed 11 players, after Newport's millionaire chairman Les Scadding opted to walk away from the club. He soon returned when the Supporters' Trust succeeded Scadding, working in various roles including as a club ambassador, in marketing, and as a first team coach. He even found time to get in a few games for Welsh League third-tier side Undy, so it was no surprise this season when Flynn came out of retirement to help the beleaguered Exiles. Flynn's career at County, and in football, was almost over before it started. "I got kicked out of the youth team. The youth team manager Glyn Jones asked me what I had done at the weekend and I said I had played for Pill. He said 'I know, I saw in the local paper you scored a hat-trick.' So he kicked me out for breaking his rules," he recalls. "I went away crying, it killed me. But the next day Tim Harris rang me and said 'come and train with the first team.' I had just started working as a postman and I had been stacking shelves in Tesco. so it was a relief. "I earned a contract though and then a move to Barry, which meant I went full time. "But I always looked out for Newport, for my entire career and I played over 400 games in the Football League. "It was hard to leave the club and the city. I had to do it to better my career, to better my life." Flynn, generally a bubbly and talkative character, struggles to express how he feels about his hometown club. "It is really difficult to put it into words what it means to me, it is everything," he said. "It is the togetherness of the city, the good days, the bad times, throughout the years. We have seen the fans of this club come together and drag it back to where it came from again. "The enjoyment on children's faces when they come to games, seeing them being part of it and become the future fans of the coming years. "The club for me is everything, it is a lot more than just football. And I think every fan around the country who supports their team will understand what I mean. "I want my kids to see me do well for Newport, I am a Newport boy and seeing this club be successful is everything I want." Flynn says the task of keeping Newport in the Football League is not impossible, even though they are 11 points adrift with just 12 games remaining. "It is not impossible, it is going to be hard, it is going to be tough, I am not going to dress it up as something it isn't, but we will keep fighting," he said. "We will keep going until the end as that is what the fans of this club deserve. The players will be under no illusion about what this means to the fans, to the club and to their careers. Nothing is impossible."
The Markit/CIPS construction purchasing managers' index rose to 56 from 53.1, its highest level since December 2015. A figure above 50 indicates expansion. Builders also hired more workers and ordered more supplies to deal with an increase in new projects. Economists said the sector was recovering after a slow start to 2017. "A sustained rebound in residential building provides an encouraging sign that the recent a soft patch for property values has not deterred new housing supply," said Tim Moore, senior economist at IHS Markit. "Instead, strong labour market conditions, resilient demand and ultra-low mortgage rates appear to have helped boost work on residential development projects." The data contrasts with reports earlier this week suggesting greater caution by homebuyers and lenders. Building society Nationwide said house prices had fallen for a third consecutive in May - the longest run of decline since 2009, just after the financial crisis. Meanwhile, the Bank of England said loan approvals fell to a seven-month low in April. The latest Markit/CIPS construction reading was still much weaker than the post-crisis high of 64.6 seen in January 2014. However, the survey found there had been solid rises across the whole sector in May, including in civil engineering and commercial building. Input prices for construction firms also rose at the slowest pace for seven months, despite the prolonged weakness of the pound. Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said the result suggested the Brexit vote's "dampening influence on construction activity is fading". But he added: "Note, however, that the PMI has had to exceed 53 in the past to signal growth. "May's PMI reading, therefore, is consistent with quarter-on-quarter growth in construction output of only about 0.5%."
Biju John, 44, pleaded guilty to outraging public decency in Harlow and was due to be sentenced in 2011 when he fled the UK. The details emerged as John was struck off by a panel, which heard one of his victims felt "degraded and scared". Essex Police said John was still wanted by officers. John, then a doctor at the Princess Alexandra Hospital in Harlow, took covert videos of women, without their knowledge, at The Harvey Centre in April 2011. It is understood he used a bag containing a concealed camera. One victim told police: "The incident has made me feel dirty and degraded. I feel like I can't wear a skirt anymore and I am going to be scared every time I see a man with a bag. "I feel violated as if he has actually touched me inappropriately. At this moment in time I am very upset and shocked." Chelmsford magistrates released John on bail to be sentenced in May 2011, by which time he had already left the UK. The panel heard he then phoned his colleague Jeffrey Philips, a consultant in intensive care. "He understood that Dr John had flown out on the day of the Royal wedding, which took place on 29 April 2011, in the belief that the airport would be quiet," the panel heard. Police broke down the door of his rented flat in Dads Wood, Harlow, a week later and found food in the fridge that was weeks out of date. Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service said it had served notice about its hearing to John's parents in India. In reaching its decision, the panel said: "Public confidence in the medical profession would be seriously undermined if Dr John was not erased from the medical register after indicating a guilty plea to an offence related to his actions in filming beneath women's skirts, and then fleeing the country prior to sentencing. It added: "Ms A [the victim] had been caused significant and understandable distress. "In addition, it considered that the public would also regard Dr John's action in absconding before sentencing to be wholly reprehensible and unbecoming of a doctor. An Essex Police spokeswoman said: "He is believed to have left the country and is currently wanted." A hospital spokeswoman said: "Dr Biju John joined The Princess Alexandra Hospital NHS Trust as an anaesthetic registrar on 14 April 2009. "Following his arrest on 10 April 2011 internal disciplinary proceedings were instigated and he was immediately excluded from duty."
The tradesman was using a portable toilet on a Sydney building site on Wednesday morning when he was bitten. A spokesperson for St George Hospital confirmed that a 21-year-old man was treated for a redback bite. The redback spider, closely related to the black widow spider, is distinguished by a long red stripe on its abdomen. The spider's bite causes severe pain, sweating and nausea. The BBC spoke to the owners of the property who confirmed that the man had been bitten on the penis as described in media reports. He was later discharged from hospital in a stable condition. Although there are recorded cases of deaths from redback bites, none have occurred since the development of antivenom in 1956.
Lt Col Gill Wilkinson was commanding officer of 154 (Scottish) Regiment Royal Logistic, based in Dunfermline. She handed over to her husband, Lt Col Alan Wilkinson, last month. The exchange makes the pair, who married in 1998, the highest ranking couple to follow each other in a command role. Gill, 45, originally from Northern Ireland, was in the Army from the mid-90s but left when her two children were born. She re-enlisted in the Army reserve in 2003 and took command of the regiment in 2014. Husband Alan, 46, who was also in the Army before joining the Army Reserve, took on the role of main carer for their children when Gill became CO (commanding officer). Gill told BBC Scotland: "It almost feels like I handed over the children to him two-and-a-half years before taking command and this feels very similar. "You do feel a responsibility for a regiment. It is quite a parental role. Your soldiers are like your family. "Normally when a commanding officer leaves command they don't look back at the regiment, they leave the next CO to carry on. "Obviously I'm trying to do that but I can keep an eye out and ask how people are getting on and satisfy that parental bit." Alan, originally from the Borders, met Gill at Dundee University before joining the Army. He joined the reserves in 2009. Alan said taking over from his wife was no different to any new job. He said: "We have worked closely together throughout our career in the Army. I was in the fortunate position of being able to speak to Gill in the months before about it so it only took about four days to handover. It was fine." Gill, who will now work with the Army Reserve part-time, said opportunities for women were "getting wider". She said: "When I joined the Royal Logistic Corps it was because it offered, as far as I was concerned, the greatest opportunity to do the same job as men were doing. "It is still majority male but the regiment I was commanding was about a quarter to a third female." "I think ever since I joined the Army it has been increasing with more and more opportunities opening up. "But we are really at the final bastion now where women are moving into combat roles." Alan says his wife has offered him advice on his new role. He says: "Some is good, some I listen to but I do make my own assessment."
A Lords EU committee has called for an immediate "unilateral undertaking" that EU nationals can continue to live, work and study in the UK after Brexit. It said failure to do this would have a severe impact on migrants' rights. Ministers say they expect this to happen but need equivalent guarantees for UK citizens on the Continent. The question of what will happen to the estimated 2.9 million citizens of other EU countries who have made their home in the UK in recent years is one of the most controversial arising from the UK's vote to leave the EU in June's referendum. The government has said it expects an early resolution of the issue once official talks on the terms of the UK's separation from the EU begin next spring. But it has refrained from giving any guarantees on their future status - saying this is impossible without similar safeguards for the estimated 1.2 million Britons living in Spain, France, Italy and other EU countries. But the Lords EU Justice sub-committee said the UK should not wait to hear from other EU countries and that making a binding commitment now was "morally the right thing to do". If this was not possible before Article 50 is triggered, expected before the end of March, the peers said the issue should be negotiated separately from other matters to ensure a "preliminary" agreement as quickly as possible. Without any agreement, it said EU nationals living in the UK would be subject to "Byzantine" national immigration laws and many would be unable to meet the criteria for permanent residency despite having been here for more than five years. "The government is under a moral obligation to give a unilateral declaration immediately to safeguard the EU citizenship rights of all EU nationals in the UK when the UK withdraws from the EU," said Baroness Kennedy QC, the Labour peer who chairs the cross-party committee. "I also believe that such a gesture will stimulate reciprocal commitments from the other EU countries where UK citizens are currently living. "For the last six months, the lives of EU citizens living in the UK and UK citizens living in the EU have been shrouded in anxiety. "Their rights to live, work and reside in their country of choice are now so unclear that people have no idea how, or even where, they should plan their futures." The government has said it wants to limit the currently unconditional right of EU citizens to come to the UK as part of the Brexit settlement. In their report, the peers said the principle of "acquired rights" was narrow and hard to enforce in international law and that the full scope of rights would have to be guaranteed in the Brexit agreement for it to withstand legal challenge. Officials have indicated there would have to be some cut-off point after which full rights could not be guaranteed but have not said when this would be. A government spokesman said: "We're determined to get the best possible deal for the UK and are preparing for a smooth and orderly exit from the EU. "The prime minister has been clear that she wants to protect the status of EU nationals already living here, and the only circumstances in which that wouldn't be possible is if British citizens' rights in European member states were not protected in return." In a separate development, Whitehall has been warned that it needs to be better resourced to cope with EU negotiations and make a success of them. The Institute for Government said Downing Street's "desire for secrecy" was hindering preparations for Brexit and more was needed "in terms of money, staff and information". Brexit Secretary David Davis is likely to be questioned on both issues when he appears before the Commons Select Committee on exiting the EU for the first time later.
A number of houses were broken into early on Monday, officers said. Goods left outside affected homes in the Calderdale of West Yorkshire were also stolen, it emerged. "It is impossible to comprehend why anyone would want to bring further suffering to those already in a very vulnerable situation," said acting Supt Mark Grange, of North Yorkshire Police. Houses in Huntingdon Road, York, were targeted after the River Foss broke its banks, with one being looted after the back door was forced, as well as tools being taken from a shed at another property. West Yorkshire Police said it had received reports of people using white vans to take "dry goods left outside flooded homes", in the Calderdale area. No arrests have been made in connection with the thefts and burglaries, which emerged after the levels of the Foss dropped by several metres on Tuesday. Six severe flood warnings, in place since Boxing Day, were lifted by the Environment Agency, which said emergency repairs to the Foss Barrier had allowed four of eight pumps to begin working again. Areas across northern England however, are braced for further disruption as Storm Frank, which hit the UK late on Tuesday, brings in more high winds and heavy rain.
Harry John Neville Vane, the 11th Baron Barnard, died at Raby Castle near Staindrop on Sunday. He was 92. In a short statement, his family said he died peacefully surrounded by loved ones. Lord Barnard, who succeeded his father in 1964, held numerous titles in County Durham. He is survived by five children. The Raby estate covers large parts of Teesdale including numerous farms and houses which can be recognised by their whitewashed walls. Raby Castle staff tweeted: "So much thanks for the messages of condolence we've received. Lord Barnard will be sadly missed." The Vane family have held the Barnard title since 1698. Click here for more on this story and other news from across the North East
The 22-year-old, who won the English Amateur Championship last summer, had previously said she would stay amateur. Giles. who is the first golfer to win all three major English women's amateur titles, has applied for the Access Series of the European Ladies Tour. "This season just gone I achieved everything I wanted to achieve in the amateur game, so I'm ready to take on the pro game now," she said. "I'm hoping to eventually end up in America on the LPGA tour, that's where everyone really aims to get to, that's where the best competition is, that's where the best golf courses are and it would be a really awesome experience to go out there." Giles says she is inspired by Charley Hull, who like Giles had an impressive amateur career before turning professional at the age of 16. "I'd love to play in the Solheim Cup one day, that would be the aim," she added to BBC Radio Cornwall. "That's what Charley Hull's done in the last few years, she was an amateur playing in the same stuff I was playing in and now she's doing really well in America and played two Solheim Cups."
Morocco start their Group C campaign against DR Congo on Monday, then face Togo on 20 January and take on Ivory Coast four days later. Rherras, 23, and Cameroon midfielder Arnaud Djoum, 27, will miss Hearts' Scottish Cup meeting with Raith Rovers on 22 January. Cameroon are in Group A with Burkina Faso, Guinea-Bissau and hosts Gabon. Djoum has five international caps while Rherras made his Morocco debut in August. Scottish Premiership clubs are currently on their winter break and Hearts' next league fixture is away to Celtic on 29 January.
State-funded Holyport College near Maidenhead, opened to pupils for the first time in September. The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh were given a tour of the school before unveiling a plaque watched by its 122 pupils, staff and parents. Holyport College, sponsored by Eton College, accepts boarders and gives its pupils access to some of Eton's facilities. During the visit, the royal couple met Sir Nicholas Winton, who lives near the school which has named its reception building after him. Sir Nicholas, dubbed the "British Schindler", helped to save hundreds of children, mainly from Jewish families, from the Nazis by transporting them by train from Prague to the UK in 1939. The wheelchair-bound 105-year-old said: "I think it's a wonderful honour to have the building named after me. "I hope the school will make contact with a school in the Czech Republic that is also named after me." Other guests included Home Secretary Theresa May, MP for Maidenhead. The school was proposed in February 2012 and then approved by the Department for Education through the free schools programme in June 2012. Once it reaches capacity, the school will have 500 pupils, including 225 boarders aged 11-19 years. Parents pay £3,850 a term for boarders but daytime education is free. Free schools, which anyone can apply to set up, are funded directly by central government and are free from local council control.
The online retail giant reported a $92m profit compared to a $126m loss for the same period a year ago. Sales also rose 20% to $23.2bn in the second quarter to the end of June, boosted by strong growth in the US. Its shares, which fell 1.3% during the day, leapt 18.5% to $571.24 a share in after-hours trading on Wall Street. The firm was also upbeat on its prospects for the current third quarter, forecasting sales would grow between 13% and 24% compared to last year, much higher than analysts had predicted. Sales in North America rose 25.5% to $13.8bn in the second quarter, driven by purchases of electronic goods and general merchandise, helping to drive the strong performance. Its cloud computing division, Amazon Web Services, also made a contribution, with sales up 81% compared to the same quarter last year. It said its widely promoted "Prime Day" on 15th July - which offered special deals to customers who signed up to its fast delivery service - had been a success with more new members trying it globally than any other day in the firm's history. Amazon founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos credited hard work for the results: "The teams at Amazon have been working hard for customers," he said. Throughout its history, Amazon's revenue has climbed while its profit has hovered around or below zero. On Thursday evening, the e-commerce company reported a profit. As customers in North America bought electronics and others products, sales in its biggest market rose more than 25% compared to last year. And if you thought Microsoft's cloud computing business did well, then take a look at Amazon web services which includes its cloud business - revenue soared more than 80 percent. The only slight negative was that sales growth outside the US wasn't nearly as impressive. Still after years of ploughing its cash into new technology , mostly aimed at making it easier and faster for customers to get what they want, the results are starting to pay off - at least in the eyes of Wall Street
A late Clint Hill equaliser secured a 1-1 draw at Celtic Park and Murty said the team had proved a point. "I'm pleased for the players," he said after his last game in charge. "They showed the kind of tenacity and grit that they've been questioned about. "It's a difficult environment, but two outstanding saves from Craig Gordon or it could have been more." A Celtic victory would have been their 23rd in succession in the league and their 18th in all competitions. The Premiership leaders took a first-half lead thanks to Stuart Armstrong's well-taken goal. Rangers, in front of their new manager, Pedro Caixinha, who was watching from the stands, continued to battle and were rewarded with Hill's 88th-minute goal. "He saw the players deal with an unbelievable atmosphere," Murty said. "It takes a real man's performance to play in that and stand up to it. "I'd been challenging them all week, saying you're the only ones who believe in yourselves. "They showed that right to the end and I'm proud of them. "From the moment I saw them at breakfast, I knew they were right where I wanted them to be." The two Glasgow rivals will meet again in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on 23 April. Murty, who had gone into the league game with a record of three wins and two defeats in his previous matches in charge, hands over to Caixinha with the side sitting third in the table. "This should give them lots of confidence," he said. "They didn't get rattled or lose their discipline. "We made it difficult for them and put a shift in." Caixinha will hold a staff meeting at Rangers' Auchenhowie training ground on Monday as he begins his spell in charge of the first-team. In a message on Rangers' Twitter account, he urged fans to back the team. "We are doing our very best, in a club like this, to keep up a track of winning," said the Portuguese manager. "We want a winning mentality. We want a winning team. And you [the Rangers supporters] need to be here to support us." Murty is expected to return to his role as head coach of the development squad.
The 30-year-old has not won Olympic gold, having fallen short at the 2008 and 2012 Games. He hopes to compete in the multi-event omnium in Rio. "If he can't make the top three, he would pursue his dreams of the Tour de France yellow jersey," said Sutton. "I believe he can do it, we wouldn't have selected him otherwise. That's not us being brutal, that's Cav being Cav, probably the greatest road sprinter of all time. He needs to know he can go to Rio and get the medal." Cavendish has had a successful road season to date, having won the Tour of Qatar. He is aiming to compete at the Tour de France, although men's endurance coach Heiko Salzwedel believes the Isle of Man rider will have to prioritise. "If you ask me realistically, riding for two or three weeks on the Tour de France, he might be fit for the [Olympic] road race but not for the Olympic omnium," he said. "Cav has to digest and make a decision about this Cavendish will also compete in the madison - a non-Olympic event - with Sir Bradley Wiggins at the World Championships, being held in London early next month. They combined to win the title eight years ago.
Developer Sirius Minerals wants to mine near Whitby and build a 23-mile (37km) tunnel to a Teeside processing plant. Chris Fraser, of Sirius, said its case stood "up to scrutiny" and it was determined to pursue the plan. The North York Moors National Park Authority is to consider a planning application on 30 June. The 229-page report by the park authority does not make any recommendation about the proposed mine. It acknowledged that there were likely to be economic benefits but said the proposal did not represent "exceptional circumstances". The report said the National Park Authority's statutory responsibility was to "conserve and enhance the North York Moors for the enjoyment of present and future generations". Sirius said it believed exceptional circumstances had been demonstrated and the mining was in the public interest, with environmental effects "mitigated". The term "potash" is used to describe a range of minerals containing potassium, and the proposal is to mine polyhalite. The mine would transform North Yorkshire's economy, Ryedale District Council and Scarborough Borough Council has claimed. However a report published earlier this month suggested that the five-year construction phase of the mine would cost the area's tourism industry £10m a year. The Campaign for National Parks said it hoped the authority would reject the planning application. The decision was an "important test of the protection afforded national parks" and there were strong planning grounds for turning it down, it added. Plans include a construction of a minehead at Dove's Nest Farm and Haxby Plantation about 1.6 miles (2.5km) from the village of Sneaton involving mining shafts, buildings, roads and a helicopter landing site on a 64-hectare site.
The competition will be extended to 64 teams, with sides from 16 of the 21 category one academies invited to join League One and League Two clubs. In a change from the current knock-out format, there will be 16 regional groups of four for the opening round. The proposals were approved at the English Football League's annual general meeting in Portugal this week. Since the decision was announced Portsmouth, Accrington Stanley, AFC Wimbledon, Hartlepool United and Luton Town have released statements to confirm they voted against the trial. EFL clubs approve academy 'Rooney Rule' In a statement, the EFL said it was piloting the changes as part of their "ongoing commitment to creating more and better home grown players". The changes will see the 16 academy sides evenly distributed throughout the groups alongside the League One and League Two clubs, with the competition continuing to run on a north/south basis until the final. Each team will play each other once in the group stage, with the academy team getting just one home game. The knockout stages will be single ties apart from the semi-finals, where there will be two legs. At the AGM, clubs approved a 'Rooney Rule'-style application process to try to improve the number of black and ethnic minority coaches in the game. They also discussed the EFL's proposals to add a new division of 20 teams to the English pyramid - meaning that there would be 100 teams in a five-division structure, rather than the current set-up of 92 clubs across four tiers. There are currently 24 teams in the Championship, League One and League Two, below the 20-club Premier League. The final decision on those proposals will be taken in June 2017.
The seats in the Grand Tier are located five boxes away from the royal box in the Grade I listed building. Agents Harrods Estates said it was the first time such a box had come on the market in almost a decade and there had "already been a bit of interest". Buying the box will give the owner access to two-thirds of events. They will also become a member of the Corporation of the Hall of Arts and Science which helps to operate the South Kensington building. Nicholas Shaw of Harrods Estates said it was "the most expensive box we have ever offered for sale". The box is on the western side of the auditorium and has approximately 849 years remaining on its lease. A five-seat box situated on the second tier, whose previous owners included Earl Spencer and the Duke of Devonshire, went on sale in 2011 for £550,000.
The 26-year-old ex-Fulham, Gillingham, Aldershot, Macclesfield and Dover Athletic forward first arrived in Shropshire on loan from Oakwell in last season's January window. After being injured in his first game, he came back to help Shrewsbury stave off relegation from League One. Payne has signed a two-year contract with the Shrews. He is expected to figure in this Saturday's home game with Rochdale, against whom he scored his first goal for Shrewsbury four months ago. He is the fifth striker brought in by Town boss Paul Hurst since the end of last season, among his 12 summer signings. Goalkeepers: Craig MacGillivray (Walsall), Dean Henderson (Manchester United - loan) Defenders: Zak Jules (Reading), James Bolton (Gateshead) Midfield: Jon Nolan (Chesterfield), Ebou Adams (Norwich City - loan), Daniel James (Swansea City - loan) Strikers: Lenell John-Lewis (Newport), Arthur Gnahoua (Kidderminster Harriers), Carlton Morris (Norwich City - loan), Niall Ennis (Wolves - loan), Stefan Payne (Barnsley) Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
St Mary's Church in Llanfair Kilgeddin, between Abergavenny and Raglan, was targeted between 2 and 3 August. An oak door, valued at about Â£1,000, was damaged, along with four oil lamps dating back 300 years. Metal organ pipes and a brass plaque were stolen. Matthew Saunders, director of Friends of Friendless Churches, said: "They left it looking like a bomb landed." Gwent Police is investigating the theft and Mr Saunders said he thought thieves were targeting metal inside the building. "It's completely absurd because the metal is worth practically nothing," he said. "We're very upset by it, but we will not be deterred from opening the church." Friends of Friendless Churches saved St Mary's from closure when it took over in the late 1980s. The building is medieval in origin. Mr Saunders said the total value of the theft and damage was not fully known, adding: "It's both petty and monstrously disrespectful." A decision on what to do about the missing pipes from the mid-19th Century organ will be taken when the church committee meets in October.
The 80-year-old Tokyo market is known for its tuna auctions which supply many of the capital's top sushi restaurants. Smoke could be seen billowing from shops on the outskirts of the market on Thursday, as dozens of fire engines tackled the flames. The fire was out by Thursday night and there were no reports of injuries. Tsukiji's interior industrial market - where the famous tuna auctions take place - was undamaged and the area was open to tourists as usual. The blaze broke out at about 16:50 local time (07:50 GMT), Japanese broadcaster NHK said, in the outer region of the market and close to the surrounding area's narrow streets. The area is home to many sushi restaurants and shops, some of which have been evacuated, NHK reports. The cause of the fire is not yet known. The blaze seems to have affected several old wooden buildings. The market was constructed in 1935, in the aftermath of the great Kanto earthquake of 1923, and built largely from corrugated iron sheds. Today, it is a sprawling, busy market, but is seen by many as rundown and overcrowded. Nonetheless, its enormous volume and variety of produce means it receives tens of thousands of tourist visitors each year. The market is due to be moved by the end of 2017. Efforts to move the market to a more modern location have been met with resistance by many of the workers, some of whom have been in the family business for generations. Tokyo's governor, Yuriko Koike, has previously said the market needs to be rebuilt because of its age - and the associated risk of it being vulnerable to earthquakes, which are not uncommon in Japan.
The rules will also apply to less senior staff who could nonetheless do serious harm to a bank. It comes two years after a parliamentary commission proposed a shake-up of the UK banking industry in the wake of the financial crisis. The regime will take effect from March. The new rules follow a public outcry after a series of scandals in the industry, including Libor rigging and foreign exchange rate fixing. The Chancellor George Osborne said in his annual Mansion House speech last month: "The public rightly asks why it is that after so many scandals, and such cost to the country, so few individuals have faced punishment in the courts." The Bank of England governor, Mark Carney, said at the same event that the "age of irresponsibility" was over as he set out new plans for jail terms for rogue bankers and traders who manipulate markets to be lengthened from seven to 10 years. Earlier today, the former UBS and Citigroup trader Tom Hayes, who is accused of manipulating the Libor rate, told a court at his trial that senior managers knew what he was doing. "I acted with complete transparency... My managers knew, my manager's manager knew. In some cases the CEO [chief executive] was aware of it," he said. Mr Hayes is the first person to be prosecuted over the Libor scandal which cost Barclays Bank a then record Â£290m in 2012 before Royal Bank of Scotland  Â£390m for its part in the scandal. The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA)  - part of the Bank of England  - said their new rules would place the "burden of proof" on top banking executives in incidents of wrongdoing within their companies. The rules replace existing arrangements that require regulators to prove senior executives were responsible for wrongdoing. FCA chief executive Martin Wheatley said: "Today we have given clarity on  rules that will embed personal accountability into the culture of the City. New conduct rules will add further momentum to improving standards across the industry." The PRA's rule book sets out a list of key individuals to be held to account including chief executives, finance directors, chairmen and senior non-independent directors. It means senior banking figures will be subject to a new "presumption of responsibility", meaning they will be guilty of misconduct if rules are broken in a part of a bank under their control. The PRA will consider what they knew or ought to have known about the breach, scrutinising meeting minutes, email and telephone records. Bankers will avoid punishment if they can show they took reasonable steps to avoid rules being broken, such as pre-emptive actions including reviews of the business. A certification regime will cover staff who give investment advice as well as traders submitting benchmarks - such as for interbank lending rate Libor. The FCA said it was consulting on expanding the latter to cover a wider scope of traders' activity. Regulators are also proposing a new package of measures to formalise banks' procedures for whistleblowing. British Bankers' Association (BBA) executive director Simon Hills said: "This new framework will help to restore trust and confidence in the banking industry damaged by the events of the last decade. "A banking industry that sets the gold standard for accountability is good for customers and investors as well as those serving in it."
Ingram made 101 not out off 47 balls and, although Wright later matched his score, Glamorgan won by 18 runs. Colin Ackermann hit a six off the final ball as Leicestershire edged out Lancashire in a thrilling finish. Surrey beat Somerset despite a 12-run over-rate penalty and there were also wins for holders Northants and Kent. A total of 66 sixes were struck in Sunday's five games, 19 of them in the Sussex v Glamorgan game. While South Africa's Test team crashed to a 211-run defeat against England at Lord's, it was a good day for some of their compatriots on the county circuit - especially those playing for Glamorgan. Chief among them was Ingram, who hit seven sixes to rescue his side from 7-2. He added 130 with former Proteas batsman Jacques Rudolph (49) and then 70 off the final six overs with Johannesburg-born Chris Cooke (37 not out) as they posted 198-3. When it was Glamorgan's turn to field, Ingram weighed in with the wickets of Ross Taylor and Ben Brown. And although Wright equalled Ingram's sixes tally in his 101 off 53 balls, he fell to another South African, Marchant de Lange, in the penultimate over as they came up short on 180-6. At Aigburth, Liam Livingstone (48 off 34 balls) and Jos Buttler (39 off 21) were the main contributors to Lancashire Lightning's 173-9. Leicestershire looked comfortable needing only six off the final over, but Mathew Pillans was run out after four singles to start the over. Ackermann was on strike for the final ball from Kyle Jarvis and managed to clear the rope at deep extra cover to finish with an unbeaten 62 off 41 balls as they won by three wickets. "In T20 cricket you have to come in with good intent, to hit the ball and to run hard," he told BBC Radio Leicester. Somerset looked dead and buried against Surrey at The Oval as they were reduced to 82-7 after Arran Finch's 61 off 42 balls led the home side to 181-7. But Surrey had reckoned without New Zealander Corey Anderson, who raced to a 30-ball half-century - and a decision by the umpires to award 12 penalty runs to the visitors because of their poor over-rate. Somerset needed 12 to win off the last over, but Anderson was run out for 81 - and innings featuring seven sixes - and Surrey scraped home by four runs. "They said we were tight, but I certainly was trying to do everything I could (to keep the rate up)," Surrey skipper Jade Dernbach told BBC Radio London. "The other night, being on TV, there seemed to be a different kind of timekeeping taking place compared to this game. I'd like to see some consistency from a captain's point of view, so we know we're at. But we still got over the line and that's the most important thing." Essex import Mohammed Amir came in for some rough treatment from the Kent batsmen at Beckenham, with Joe Denly hitting three sixes and a four in his second over as they tried to defend a score of 166-8. Denly (32) and Sam Northeast (33) were removed by spinner Simon Harmer (2-21), but unlike the final over of the Essex innings in which three wickets fell, Kent opener Daniel Bell-Drummond saw his side home with a six off Amir, whose 3.3 overs cost 41 runs. Bell-Drummond was 90 not out as Kent reached 169-3 with nine balls to spare, having struck four sixes and eight fours. At Chester-le-Street, South Africans Rory Kleinveldt (3-28) and Tabraiz Shamsi (2-20) helped Northants restrict Durham Jets to 161-7, despite an unbeaten 53 by Jack Burnham. Ben Duckett's 72 off 56 balls put them in control of their run-chase and a boundary by Rob Keogh (20 not out) saw them home with four balls to spare. Tuesday Northamptonshire v Yorkshire - Northampton (18.30 BST) Wednesday Sussex v Hampshire - Hove (18:30 BST) Thursday Gloucestershire v Kent - Cheltenham (14:30 BST) Middlesex v Surrey - Lord's (18:15 BST) Essex v Somerset - Chelmsford (19:00 BST)
Rosie Batty, 52, from Tyabb, a small town in Victoria, began her work after her son Luke, 11, was stabbed to death. She received the award from Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at a ceremony at Parliament House, Canberra. The award winners are selected from public nominations and announced ahead of Australia Day, on 26 January. The 2015 Young Australian of the Year is 21-year-old West Australian Drisana Levitzke-Gray, a young deaf woman who advocates for other deaf people. Senior Australian of the Year is 61-year-old Jackie French from New South Wales, a children's author and advocate for children with learning difficulties, and the Australian Local Hero is 41-year-old Juliette Wright from Queensland, who established an online platform to get goods and services to vulnerable and marginalised people. This year was the first time in the 55-year history of the awards that women have secured the top honour in all four categories. The recipients were great Australians and great role models, said chairman of the National Australia Day Council, Ben Roberts-Smith. "It is a great moment in the 55-year history of these awards to honour four women. "Rosie, Jackie, Drisana and Juliette remind us of the many ways in which women contribute to our nation; that women are a force for change, a voice for rights, influencers, educators and the heart of our communities," he said. After her son's death, UK-born Ms Batty emerged as an articulate and powerful advocate for the rights of women and children living in violent relationships, giving new force to efforts to prevent family violence across Australia. Family violence activists say Ms Batty's ability to explain to the public why so many women struggle to protect their children from violent partners helped make the issue of family violence a key campaign issue for all political parties in last November's Victoria state election. Greg Anderson, 54, killed Luke Batty in front of shocked onlookers at a cricket oval in Tyabb. The father and son had been playing together during an access visit in February 2014 when Anderson suddenly struck his son with a cricket bat and stabbed him. Anderson was shot by police after threatening them with a knife when they tried to detain him. He died later in hospital. Ms Batty was at the cricket ground when the attack happened. The public killing shocked Australians in a way that many other acts of family violence committed every week in the country have not.
Gareth Graham was giving evidence to a Stormont inquiry into the National Asset Management Agency's (Nama) Â£1bn sale of its Northern Ireland loan portfolio. Loans held by his property companies were sold to Cerberus, the US investment fund, as part of that deal. Mr Graham said he has tapes of "thousands" of phone calls made by Frank Cushnahan, a businessman who worked with him and was later a Nama advisor. The tapes were made between 2005 and 2008 when Mr Cushnahan worked with the Graham family's bookmaking business. The committee was told the tapes would be made available to law enforcement agencies. Phonecalls in and out of the Grahams' business were recorded for regulatory reasons. The business relationship between the Grahams and Mr Cushnahan broke down in 2008. Mr Graham claimed Mr Cushnahan was then "intent on destroying our businesses". Mr Cushnahan has previously issued a statement to the media denying any wrongdoing. Mr Graham added that he has already spoken to the National Crime Agency and made a complaint to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Read more: Nama deal - the background and the key figures Mr Graham said Mr Cushnahan relinquished his shareholding in the bookmaking business in 2010 but kept a 5% shareholding in the Grahams' property businesses. The loans held by those property businesses were later moved into Nama. Mr Graham said that should have led to a declaration of interest by Mr Cushnahan when he became a Nama advisor. Mr Cushnahan has previously said he did give up the property firm interests and that it was due to an "administrative error" that he was still listed as a shareholder. Nama committee minutes seen by the BBC also show that Mr Cushnahan did make declarations of interests on a number of occasions. Mr Graham is fighting a High Court battle in an attempt to win back control of his firms. He told the committee that Cerberus had been "ruthless, unjust and unreasonable". Earlier, the committee voted to call loyalist blogger and flag protestor Jamie Bryson to give evidence to its inquiry. Mr Bryson has made allegations on social media regarding the deal and has written to the committee claiming to have relevant information. Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) members of the committee and the Alliance Party's Judith Cochrane voted against calling him. The DUP's Jim Wells said he opposed calling Mr Bryson as he could make "even wilder allegations" under committee privilege than the claims on his blogs. Mrs Cochrane voted against on the basis that the committee needed to take further steps to ensure Mr Bryson's evidence remains with the inquiry's terms of reference. The committee has been investigating the circumstances of the Nama deal after an allegation by Irish politician Mick Wallace that a Northern Ireland politician was in line for a Â£7m payment as a result of the transaction. But it has been constrained in the questions it can ask as events surrounding the loan sale are now being investigated by police. Last week, the Law Society of Northern Ireland appeared before the committee but was unable to give what it called "substantive evidence" after advice from a senior police officer.
For chief executive Somnath Saha, the economics of tea are simple and brutal. Typhoo Tea produces 125 million tea bags a week at its factory in Moreton, Wirral, which have just one ingredient - tea leaves, and they are imported. Black tea is a global commodity, traded in dollars. Following the fall in sterling since the Brexit vote, costs have soared for this renowned brand as 95% of its sales are in the UK. "This is an absolute disaster for a company the size of ours," says Mr Saha. "The very sharp fall in the pound means the impact is at least a quarter of a million pounds a month for us. This is having a very negative impact on our business and we are really suffering. It's now come to a point where it's not sustainable for us." The news comes amid warnings of rising prices in the grocery sector, and with supermarket chain Morrisons increasing the cost of a jar of Marmite by 12.5%. There are plenty of winners from the fall in the value of sterling. But Typhoo Tea is a graphic illustration of what it's like for a business with one raw imported material. Typhoo has been trading for more than a century. These days, most of its black tea comes from Kenya. It's then blended and packaged on site. The company also packages own-label tea for most of the major supermarkets. In addition, it produces a range of herbal teas and those ingredients are sourced in euros. It's a high-volume, low-margin business. The cost of the ingredient depends on the quality of the leaf. A typical 80kg bag of black tea could be bought for £90 to £100 at the beginning of the year. The company says that same bag now costs £120 to £150 at the weekly international auctions. In other words, it is paying an awful lot more for the same amount of tea. "We don't have big enough margins between us and retailers to absorb all these costs. We're looking at how to mitigate some of them, from our labour, overheads and marketing costs, which will affect the growth of the business and employment in long run. But some of these currency costs will have to be passed on, as neither us nor the retailers can absorb any more cost increases," Mr Saha says. Like other suppliers, he is in discussions with the supermarkets about price rises. He denies posturing to try to secure a better deal. "Absolutely not. This is a really serious situation for us. Nobody wants to do this, but ultimately some of the costs will go to the shoppers. There is no other option," Mr Saha says. "It's one of the favourite drinks of this country. It's very unfortunate. It's nobody's fault - it's due to the economic conditions." Typhoo Tea is owned by the Indian conglomerate Apeejay Surrendra Group, which Mr Saha says has supported the UK business for the last few months. But he warned that if the fall in the pound was sustained, his business would be set to lose £3m, all but wiping out its profits. The time has now come to do something about it, he says. "For everybody, it's been so difficult after June. We can't plan anything. Every day, you don't know what is going to happen next week. There is so much volatility." Typhoo employs some 300 workers in the UK. Many suppliers are talking to the supermarkets about price rises. These negotiations are normally confidential but they spilled into the open when Tesco's spat with Unilever became public. Retailers and suppliers regularly discuss prices but, according to one industry expert, the current situation is different. "This is no cat and mouse game. What we've been seeing here is unprecedented," says David Sables from Sentinel Management Consultants, which advises suppliers on how to negotiate with supermarkets. "The real change that's happened here is that it's happening at a time when the retailers' margins have been squeezed by the battle with Aldi and Lidl. They can't take any more pain. It comes with a price increase to them, they will have to pass it on. "There needs to be a new approach, a getting together of everyone to sensibly sit down and see how they can protect the consumer against what is a real industry issue," he says. There are ways to absorb costs. For instance, Tesco and Morrisons are trying to make their businesses more simple and efficient which will save money in the long run. Packaging and product sizes can also be reviewed. But after years of falling prices in the aisles, it seems inevitable that some prices will rise. "I think there is a wave of price increases to come, as early as January. That's when we'll see the biggest impact," says Mr Sables. "The generally accepted view is 5% - that's an understatement of what we're seeing on the foreign exchange. The view is that the industry will absorb some of that difference." For Typhoo Tea, the time has come to pass on some of its costs. In the longer term, its boss says he will be trying to boost exports and take advantage of any Brexit opportunities, but the focus now is dealing with the fallout. Mr Saha adds: "This is a real loss, a real pain for this business and we cannot accept this loss any more."
Maj Matthew Collins, 38, from Backwell, in Somerset, and L/Sgt Mark Burgan, 28, from Liverpool, died on Wednesday when their vehicle hit a roadside bomb. Their commanding officer said their loss was "a devastating blow". Their deaths take to 362 the total number of UK military personnel to have died in Afghanistan since 2001. Maj Collins joined 1st Battalion Irish Guards and had also served in Kosovo, Sierra Leone, Northern Ireland and Iraq. He was the company commander of Number 3 Company, and leaves behind two children and his wife, Lucy. His family said in a statement: "Not only a soldier but a caring husband, devoted father to Freya and Charlie, caring son, wonderful brother and friend to many. We will all miss him and remember him always." L/Sgt Mark Burgan joined the Guards in 1999 and had also served in Northern Ireland and Iraq. His wife, Leanne, said: "I am so honoured to be Mark's wife. I will always love my hero. "Mark was an extremely proud Irish Guardsman, dad, husband, brother and son. He will forever be in our hearts." The two men were returning to base from an operation aimed at disrupting insurgent groups in the Nahr-e Saraj district of Helmand province when their vehicle hit a roadside bomb. Lt Col Christopher Ghika, commanding officer of 1st Battalion Irish Guards, said: "Two more committed and professional soldiers it would be hard to meet; they epitomised what it meant to be a member of this family regiment." He said Maj Collins had played a key role in training Afghan soldiers, adding: "It is a telling fact that there is a deep sense of sorrow hanging over the 3rd Kandak of the Afghan Brigade today, such is the respect in which they held Matt Collins." Speaking about L/Sgt Burgan, Lt Col Ghika said: "The notes given to me by his company commander, alongside whom he died, say it all: 'Knows what has to be done, does it brilliantly and has the next thing ready before you ask'." The commanding officer added: "It is perhaps a comment on the character of this regiment that both Lucy Collins and Leanne Burgan are the daughters of distinguished and long serving Irish Guardsmen. "The events of last night are a family tragedy in every sense." Defence Secretary Liam Fox said both were men "of great experience and exemplary commitment". "They have laid down their lives protecting our national security, a loss made all the more poignant as they were so close to finishing their tour of duty and returning home," he said.
A letter has been sent to all 45 elected members setting out Market Abuse Regulations. They have been asked to sign the letter acknowledging the terms and return it to the authority's legal department. It comes after the council became the first in Scotland to issue bonds on the stock exchange worth £370m. That followed credit rating agency Moody's assigning Aberdeen an Aa2 rating. It will be used to fund infrastructure projects including the new Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre (AECC) and the City Centre Masterplan. The local authority said the bonds were less expensive than other available loans. BBC Scotland understands that some councillors were initially concerned about the terms of the letter and whether it would impact on their ability to raise concerns publicly about the council's finances. Insider dealing - where a person uses inside financial information to their benefit - is a criminal offence and is punishable by a heavy fine or imprisonment. Market abuse is when someone can be given an unlimited fine for disclosing financial information that might affect the value of bonds and investments. As well as councillors, senior officials at Aberdeen City Council are also included in the insiders list that must be disclosed to the Financial Conduct Authority on request. An Aberdeen City Council spokesperson said: "Aberdeen City Council successfully issued bonds on the London Stock Exchange in 2016 and as a result must comply with the Market Abuse Regulations. "In line with these regulations, the council is obliged to keep a list of those individuals who have access to inside information. "Elected members and staff who have been identified as having access to inside information relating to Aberdeen City Council have been notified in writing and asked to acknowledge receipt of that letter, which contains further detail of the insider list and its purpose. "Training sessions on the Bond and compliance with associated regulations are under way for elected members and staff, underlining the responsibilities of the organisation and individuals. It should be stressed that the requirements for confidentiality in relation to specific subjects and issues are in line with the existing terms of employment and Councillors' Code of Conduct. "The Bond issue was the subject of several reports to full Council in 2016, which outlined the implications of the public listing on the London Stock Exchange and made it clear it was highly likely all elected members would be on the Aberdeen City Council Insider List. These reports were considered and recommendations approved by elected members during full Council prior to the Bond issue." The council said that so far no one had refused to sign the letter, and councillors have been given until Friday to respond. Currently all of Scotland's councillors are governed by a code of conduct. In extreme cases, a councillor can be disqualified from office for five years for any breach. Aberdeen City Councillors now face a potential police investigation if they are suspected of breaching Market Abuse Regulations.
Both teams had first-half openings, with Clarets defender Michael Keane twice unable to keep headers on target, while Hull's Robert Snodgrass failed to beat Tom Heaton with a volley. Moses Odubajo forced another save from Heaton at the start of the second half. Tigers keeper Allan McGregor spilled Joey Barton's shot to Sam Vokes and he kept his cool to slot home the rebound. The result meant the third-placed Clarets are one point behind both the Tigers and Middlesbrough, but have played more games than both. Media playback is not supported on this device Hull hammered Dyche's men 3-0 when the two sides last met on Boxing Day, but a repeat of that never looked likely with the hosts deserving their narrow win. Barton came close to opening the scoring after half an hour when his skidding free-kick forced a low save from McGregor before the keeper denied the same player from a header. The pivotal moment in the game came in the 77th minute when Wales international Vokes reacted quickest to McGregor's save from another Barton effort. Hull substitute Chuba Akpom had a shot saved but he could not prevent his side suffering a first defeat since 28 December. Burnley manager Sean Dyche: "I always knew it was going to be tight, but looking back I think we controlled the quality of the game overall. "Hull are a very strong defensive side with a real depth of experience, but we've managed to breach them one more time than they breached us. "We're right up there in the hunt, but nothing will be decided yet." Hull manager Steve Bruce: "There was loads of heart and endeavour out there, and that from two top-class teams. It was never going to be a classic in weather like that. "We carved out some great chances, but maybe we just missed that killer instinct in front of goal that you need. "We've lost, but you just have to accept the result and move on. And we will do. "We've played well in really difficult conditions. It's been an opportunity missed for us to create a bit of daylight at the top, but I couldn't fault the players." Match ends, Burnley 1, Hull City 0. Second Half ends, Burnley 1, Hull City 0. Substitution, Burnley. Rouwen Hennings replaces Andre Gray. Corner,  Burnley. Conceded by Allan McGregor. Foul by Joey Barton (Burnley). Isaac Hayden (Hull City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Substitution, Hull City. Tom Huddlestone replaces Jake Livermore. Delay in match Ben Mee (Burnley) because of an injury. Offside, Burnley. David Jones tries a through ball, but Sam Vokes is caught offside. George Boyd (Burnley) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Robert Snodgrass (Hull City). Sam Vokes (Burnley) is shown the yellow card. Sam Vokes (Burnley) has gone down, but that's a dive. Attempt blocked. Andre Gray (Burnley) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by George Boyd. Goal!  Burnley 1, Hull City 0. Sam Vokes (Burnley) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Attempt saved. Joey Barton (Burnley) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Substitution, Hull City. Chuba Akpom replaces Abel Hernández. Substitution, Hull City. Sone Aluko replaces Mohamed Diamé. Attempt missed. Abel Hernández (Hull City) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Sam Clucas with a cross. Attempt missed. Matthew Lowton (Burnley) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Joey Barton with a headed pass. Attempt missed. Jake Livermore (Hull City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner following a corner. Corner,  Hull City. Conceded by Matthew Lowton. Attempt blocked. Isaac Hayden (Hull City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Corner,  Hull City. Conceded by Scott Arfield. Offside, Hull City. Michael Dawson tries a through ball, but Abel Hernández is caught offside. Attempt saved. Abel Hernández (Hull City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Robert Snodgrass. Scott Arfield (Burnley) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Robert Snodgrass (Hull City). David Jones (Burnley) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jake Livermore (Hull City). Hand ball by Jake Livermore (Hull City). Attempt missed. Sam Vokes (Burnley) right footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the left. Assisted by Michael Keane. Corner,  Hull City. Conceded by Tom Heaton. Attempt saved. Moses Odubajo (Hull City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Sam Clucas. Dangerous play by Andre Gray (Burnley). Michael Dawson (Hull City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt blocked. George Boyd (Burnley) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Foul by George Boyd (Burnley). Sam Clucas (Hull City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
The 26-year-old Swede joins the League One club on a two-year deal, with the option of a one-year extension. Former Malmo and Hacken player Pekalski is Oxford United's fourth overseas signing since manager Pep Clotet was appointed in July. "I'm happy to be here and it's been a pretty natural decision to make the move," he told BBC Radio Oxford. "After 11 years of playing in Sweden, I was looking for something that would be a challenge and a bit of an adventure. "I've worked with Pep before (at Malmo), he's a brilliant coach and I've heard a lot about Oxford's ambition, which I think is really interesting." Pekalski has made 15 appearances for Halmstads in the Swedish top division this season after joining the club in March. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The deal will keep the Ivory Coast international at the Etihad Stadium until 2017. "This is where I want to be," the 29-year-old told the club website. "I will never forget how I have been treated here by the fans, the club and the owners and nothing would give me greater pleasure than to finish my career as a Manchester City player." Toure joined City from Barcelona for a reported £24m in 2010, having helped the Spanish giants win the Champions League title a year earlier. The box-to-box midfielder has since been an integral member of Roberto Mancini's side, scoring the winning goal in the 2011 FA Cup final and a crucial double against Newcastle United last May to keep the eventual Premier League champions in the title hunt. We must try to finish on a high note and then start preparing to win more next season Toure has scored eight goals this season as City have progressed to a Wembley FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea on Sunday 14 April, but his side made an early Champions League exit and are 15 points behind Manchester United in the league with only seven games remaining. "Of course now it looks likely that we will not successfully defend the Premier League title and that is sad for all of us," Toure added. "But we can still finish second and win the FA Cup for a second time in three years and that is still an achievement for a club that won nothing for a long time. "We must try to finish on a high note and then start preparing to win more next season. Football is always a challenge and always a puzzle to solve and that is why we all love the game. "You have to use your skill, intelligence and strength to constantly improve and that is what we at City intend to do."
Three Pugs, a Chihuahua, a Jug - a Pug crossed with a Jack Russell - and a Puggle, a Pug-Beagle crossbreed, were taken in Kemble Road, Forest Hill. A witness said they saw two men load the animals into a black VW van and drive off. The Met confirmed four dogs were swiped in a similar incident outside a house in nearby Streatham in July. Dog owner Yuriko Matsukawa, whose five-year-old pug Pia was taken earlier, said the stolen pets were valuable, with pug puppies worth around Â£1,000. She added: "I'm devastated. I'm desperate to be reunited with her." The Evening Standard reported the dogs in Streatham were stolen from a dog walker's van in Glennie Road. The Met Police confirmed the pets were still missing. The Greater London Authority said last month there had been an an increase in dog thefts in the capital since 2013. It found dog thefts made up the majority of domestic pet thefts across London and had increased from 186 in 2014 to 217 in 2015.
The actor was killed by his own car at his home in Los Angeles in June. It struck him after rolling backwards down the steep drive, pinning him against a brick postbox pillar and a security fence. Court records show Victor and Irina Yelchin filed to become administrators of their son's estate on Friday. The filing states Yelchin left behind at least $641,000 (£486,000) in personal property and had $731,000 (£554,000) in equity in his home. Yelchin was best known for playing Pavel Chekov in the new Star Trek films. TMZ reports that Yelchin's parents plan to file a wrongful death lawsuit against Fiat Chrysler, which made the Jeep that killed their son. They are expected to announce their intentions to file the suit at a press conference on Tuesday. In April, the company  recalled 1.1m vehicles worldwide over the risk they could roll away after drivers exit. The vehicle that killed Yelchin, who was 27 years old, was one of those subject to a recall because the gear shifters confused drivers, causing the vehicles to roll away unexpectedly. Fiat Chrysler offered their sympathies to Yelchin's family in a statement, but said it could not comment on their plans for a lawsuit. The company added it was speeding up its recall of the vehicle. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
The Reds had failed to score more than once in their previous 10 League Two games, but were dominant against Warren Feeney's side. County striker Scott Boden opened the scoring at the wrong end when his header beat Joe Day after 36 minutes. Shamir Fenelon then headed home eight minutes after the break, before Newport's Medy Elito was sent off with five minutes left for two yellow cards. "It was disappointing, I don't think we got going from the first whistle, we couldn't get into a rhythm and our passing was poor," Newport manager Feeney told BBC Radio Wales. "We have to put it to bed and move on to the next game, we are still in a fantastic position to avoid relegation and that is still my aim. "You have ups and downs in a season and this was a down, the worst performance since I have been the manager. No-one likes to get beaten."
The unfortunate moggy was found by Darren Sumner when the vehicle broke down in Reading, Berkshire. Mr Sumner said: "He was warm and scared so I sat and stroked him for about 30 minutes until I coaxed him out." The RSPCA wants to reunite the cat with his owner, thought to be in Tottenham where the van started its journey. The cat, nicknamed Sparky, was unscathed by his ordeal on 28 August. Mr Sumner, who took the cat home overnight, said: "He used a litter tray so I think he's probably someone's pet. "He woke me up at about 3am in the morning for a play. I hope his owners can be found." Sparky, who is thought to be about a year old, was taken to the vet for a check up.  He was also scanned to see if he was micro-chipped - which would have revealed details of his owner -  but unfortunately no chip was found. Helena Peace, from the RSPCA in Reading, said: "He was traumatised but physically unhurt. He's certainly used up one of his nine lives."
The teenager said James Comey's decision to publicise part of the FBI's investigation into Mr Weiner had led to her being hounded by news reporters. Mr Comey announced last week that the investigation had turned up fresh emails relating to Hillary Clinton. Mr Weiner is married to Mrs Clinton's political aide Huma Abedin. In an open letter, the teenager said reporters had "canvassed" her area. "Every media outlet from local to national has contacted me and my family to get my 'story'", she wrote. "Why couldn't your letter have waited until after the election, so I would not have to be the centre of attention the last week of the election cycle?" She accused the FBI director of taking a "vague approach" in announcing that emails had been discovered on Mr Weiner's laptop that related to Mrs Clinton. She said the lack of detail in his announcement led reporters to chase her for clues about what might have been found. In the letter, addressed directly to Mr Comey and published by Buzzfeed, the alleged victim wrote: "I am the 15-year-old (now 16) who was the victim of Anthony Weiner. "I now add you to the list of people who have victimized me. I told my story originally to protect other young girls that might be a victim of online predators." She went on to say: "I thought your job as FBI Director was to protect me. I thought if I co-operated with your investigation, my identity as a minor would be kept secret. That is no longer the case. My family and I are barraged by reporters' phone calls and emails. "I have been even been blamed in a newspaper for causing Donald Trump to now be leading in some polls and costing Hillary the election. "Anthony Weiner is the abuser. Your letter helped that abuse to continue. How can I rebuild my life when you have made finding out my "story" the goal of every reporter?" She signed the letter "Girl that lost her faith in America". Mr Weiner and Ms Abedin recently split following a series of revelations that Mr Weiner had exchanged sexual messages with other women. Reports on Thursday said he had entered a rehab clinic to treat sex addiction. The FBI last month closed a large-scale investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server, but Mr Comey announced last week that the law enforcement body was examining fresh emails found on Mr Weiner's laptop. The FBI director has been heavily criticised by leading Democrats, who allege that the timing of his announcement threatens to influence next week's general election. US law prohibits public officials such as Mr Comey from using their position to influence the outcome of an election. Opinion polls showed that Mrs Clinton's lead over her Republican rival Donald Trump had narrowed slightly in the wake of Mr Comey's announcement. Both candidates have been campaigning in the key swing state of Florida ahead of next Tuesday's election.
There's no getting away from it - the big-screen adaptation of the 1990s TV series is simply two hours of pure entertainment. The action sequences are huge, the soundtrack is awesome, and the people are ludicrously good looking. But it's also just totally ridiculous, which may not surprise those who have seen the trailer. Or read the somewhat less-than-kind reviews. Dwayne Johnson - the highest paid (and most annoyingly likeable) movie star in the world - takes the lead in the reboot as Mitch alongside Zac Efron, who plays Brody. Kelly Rohrbach, Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra also star, and there are, most importantly, cameo appearances from David Hasselhoff and Pamela Anderson. (I would've thought they'd want to keep those as a surprise, personally, but their names appear in giant letters at the beginning alongside the rest of the cast.) But this incarnation of Baywatch is much more knowing and tongue-in-cheek than it was in Hasselhoff and Anderson's day. The film itself is long - presumably to allow for the slow-motion button to be used to its full potential when any character is running down the shoreline. Those who lived through the TV show will remember the appeal of such bouncy scenes, which were a key part of helping the series become a worldwide phenomenon. And a phenomenon it was. Baywatch became the most-watched television show in the world at the time and represented a huge cultural shift. Anderson was the embodiment of a look which rose to prominence in the 90s - skinny, blonde, and enhanced by plastic surgery. But strangely, the show arguably also had a moral compass, which may help explain why it got its early evening slot on TV. The lifeguards were portrayed as something of a family, working as a cohesive team and looking out for each other while saving lives. A lot of the storylines felt wholesome and saw characters doing the "right thing" - an odd juxtaposition with the highly sexualised elements of the series. Mitch's relationship with his son is a good example - Hasselhoff's character is seen as a model single father to Hobie, doing his best to raise him with good morals and life skills despite the absence of the boy's mother. But in many other ways, Baywatch is rather problematic. It goes without saying that, in real life, very few of us indeed look as good as the Baywatch lifeguards as they dash down the beach in their orange swimsuits. The male characters played by Johnson and Efron are muscular to a borderline unhealthy degree, while the women are tanned, big-chested and and impossibly skinny. Nearly 30 years on from the show's TV premiere, you'd like to think we've come further than still accepting these as beauty ideals. Stars such as Lena Dunham and Sarah Hyland have started to hit back at "body shaming" in recent years - a term which barely existed when the TV show aired. Social media has helped drive a movement of being proud of who you are and how you look, and there's now a bigger fightback against the concept of the "perfect" body than there ever was in the 90s. But you get the impression that everyone involved in the project totally gets and even embraces how unrealistic some elements of Baywatch are. And at least the film knows how to make fun of itself. Mitch mocks Brody's boyband-level good looks throughout the film, referring to him invariably as "One Direction", "Bieber", and "High School Musical" instead of by his actual name. And at one point, Brody tells Mitch that the concept of lifeguards investigating crimes "sounds like an entertaining but far-fetched TV show". But does such a show still have a place in 2017? Realistically, it probably shouldn't. We arguably should be over beautiful people running along a shoreline making immature jokes and getting involved in such obviously contrived storylines. Since the TV series, life has happened. The internet has happened. Our tastes should have become more refined as the amount of choice available to consumers has exploded. But Baywatch remains stupidly entertaining, one of those junk food films which is perfectly enjoyable provided you aren't going in expecting to see the next best picture winner. You might feel guilty watching it, but the 2017 incarnation of Baywatch is, quite simply, unfiltered escapism - and there are far worse things in the world than that. Baywatch is released in UK cinemas on 29 May. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Walt Disney said subscriber numbers for its sports channel ESPN had dropped. Viewers are moving away from packages offered by cable companies to simpler services and stand-alone streaming. Time Warner also fell 9%, despite better-than-expected profit  figures. The Dow Jones shed 0.06% to 17,067 points. The S&P 500 gained 0.31% to 2,099.88 points. The Nasdaq rose 0.67% to 5,139.95 points. Discovery Communications fell 13% after reporting lower advertising sales and a strong dollar for below forecast profits. Twenty-First Century Fox were down 7%, CBS down 5% and Viacom shares 7%. Barton Crockett, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets, said: "If Disney can get dinged, maybe nobody's safe." But bucking the trend, Dish Network reported higher-than-expected revenue and profit and shares rose 4%. Priceline Group rose 6% after the travel company reported profit and revenue that beat analysts' forecasts. First Solar, up 17% and Ralph Lauren, turned an earlier 2.3%, gain into a loss of 1% despite releasing results that pleased investors. Economic data was disappointing. Private employers hired 185,000 workers last month, according to the ADP National Employment Report. That fell short of economists' forecasts for an increase of 215,000. The report also revised down June's private payroll gains to 229,000 from the 237,000 reported before. Investors will be looking to Friday's non-farm payroll data.
Joe Cardle slotted in his eighth of the season before setting up Kallum Higginbotham to extend the Pars' lead. Dumbarton's Craig Barr hit the crossbar with a second-half header but the Sons then had Andy Dowie sent off for two bookings. Substitutes Nicky Clark and Andy Ryan added late goals to add gloss to the visitors' victory. That is four wins on the bounce for Allan Johnston's men and on this form Dunfermline appear to be more than capable of sustaining a promotion challenge. Of the six players playing in midfield or attack, only Nate Wedderburn really sits back. That security allowed Cardle, Higginbotham, Declan McManus, Dean Shiels and Callum Smith to roam forward in the first half. Cardle converted at the back post after a messy scramble following good initial play down the right by McManus. A superb counter-attack brought the Pars their second, as Higginbotham rolled the ball calmly into the far corner from a fairly tight angle. Dumbarton nearly reduced the deficit, but Barr's header bounced off the woodwork after he had connected with Tom Walsh's corner. The Sons also felt aggrieved not to be given a penalty when Ally Roy appeared to be clipped just inside the box. Dowie was given his marching orders with 15 minutes to go, before Clark made his comeback from an ankle injury to head in David Hopkirk's cross. Clark then back-heeled to tee up another substitute Ryan for a well-executed, low curled shot into the far left corner. Dunfermline manager Allan Johnston: "I'm happy but I'm realistic as well because we know it's only the start of the season. We've started really strongly, we've got a really good, competitive squad and we've got people that can score goals. "We're defending really well as well, so it's a good balance to have. We've just to make sure we keep up that kind of performance. "I don't think we lacked confidence last season, it was a step up and it took us a bit of time to get in our stride. It's about consistency and coming to places like Dumbarton and winning. We can't take our foot off the gas." Dumbarton manager Stevie Aitken: "We gave Dunfermline a two-goal start and you can't do that with a team of the quality of Dunfermline. There was indecision by the goalkeeper in the first one, then we gave the ball away cheaply for the second. "Second half there was plenty of endeavour and we hit the crossbar, but it was a disappointing day. "Danny Handling has come in and has this problem with his knee we weren't aware of. We don't know what's wrong with it, but we can't go into a game having to take a player off after 10 minutes because of a knee injury - so we'll have to get that looked at." Match ends, Dumbarton 0, Dunfermline Athletic 4. Second Half ends, Dumbarton 0, Dunfermline Athletic 4. Attempt blocked. Christian Nade (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Foul by Stuart Carswell (Dumbarton). Kallum Higginbotham (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Goal!  Dumbarton 0, Dunfermline Athletic 4. Andy Ryan (Dunfermline Athletic) left footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Nicky Clark. Attempt saved. Kallum Higginbotham (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from more than 40 yards on the left wing is saved in the centre of the goal. Foul by Stuart Carswell (Dumbarton). Andy Ryan (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. David Smith (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by David Hopkirk (Dunfermline Athletic). Goal!  Dumbarton 0, Dunfermline Athletic 3. Nicky Clark (Dunfermline Athletic) header from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by David Hopkirk. Nathaniel Wedderburn (Dunfermline Athletic) is shown the yellow card. Attempt saved. Craig Barr (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Substitution, Dumbarton. David Wilson replaces Tom Walsh. Attempt blocked. Kallum Higginbotham (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic. Nicky Clark replaces Joe Cardle. Attempt missed. Craig Barr (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Corner,  Dumbarton. Conceded by Callum Morris. Second yellow card to Andy Dowie (Dumbarton) for a bad foul. Attempt missed. David Hopkirk (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Substitution, Dumbarton. Calum Gallagher replaces Sam Wardrop. Foul by David Hopkirk (Dunfermline Athletic). Kyle Hutton (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Dumbarton. Conceded by Callum Morris. Craig Barr (Dumbarton) hits the bar with a right footed shot from very close range. Corner,  Dumbarton. Conceded by Callum Morris. Attempt missed. David Hopkirk (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Corner,  Dunfermline Athletic. Conceded by Sam Wardrop. Attempt missed. Andy Ryan (Dunfermline Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick. Kallum Higginbotham (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Christopher McLaughlin (Dumbarton). David Hopkirk (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Tom Walsh (Dumbarton). Calum Smith (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Stuart Carswell (Dumbarton). Attempt saved. Nathaniel Wedderburn (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic. Andy Ryan replaces Calum Smith. Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic. David Hopkirk replaces Declan McManus. Declan McManus (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
It warned last year that profits would be Â£20m lower than in the year before. Operating profits were down 22% at Â£69.5m, in line with that guidance, but the company also chopped its dividend from 42p to 25p. De La Rue, which is more than 200 years old, makes notes for 150 countries including the UK. Shares in De La Rue fell by 10% in early trade before recovering slightly. However, in lunchtime trade they were still 47.5p, or 8.6%, lower at 506p. The company complained last year that its latest contract from the Bank of England was less favourable and that other countries would be encouraged to improve their contracts when renegotiating. It has been battling rising costs, largely the price of paper, for a number of years. De La Rue, which has customers in 65 countries, also makes biometric passports.
Wales international McCusker, 30, has impressed in the back row since a return from injury last month. Eleventh-placed Irish face Northampton on Saturday, looking for a first Premiership away win in almost a year. "We'll be keen to stay in touch with them as much as possible," McCusker told BBC Radio Berkshire. Irish sit level on points with fellow strugglers Newcastle ahead of the trip to Franklin's Gardens and will be keen to maintain the momentum of their recent home form. "We've had some games recently where we've been in it or just behind at half-time," said McCusker. "But in the second half we've had games where we've just capitulated and been a totally different team. "If we let Northampton get too far ahead, they'll be buoyed by that." The former Scarlets captain left the Pro 12 club in September by mutual agreement as he joined Irish on an initial one-year deal. Capped six times by his country, McCusker admitted the decision was driven by a need to play more games. "I didn't really know how I'd ever leave," he said. "But circumstances changed and it wasn't the place I had fallen in love with. "So it made the decision a lot easier. It was probably the right time and felt like the right thing to do."
Some firms said they could not recruit or retain the staff they needed. The Local Government Association said it was the result of "historic under-funding" and an ageing population. The government declined an interview but said English councils had received £9.25bn for social care. The figure for the number of cancelled contracts comes from a Freedom of Information request, which was responded to by 197 of 212 UK councils. According to the research, carried out for Panorama by Opus Restructuring and Company Watch, 69 home care companies have closed in the last three months and one in four of the UK's 2,500 home care companies is at risk of insolvency. Councillor Izzi Seccombe from the Local Government Association - which represents councils across England and Wales - said: "We have warned that the combination of the historic under-funding of adult social care, and the significant pressures of an ageing population and the national living wage, are pushing the care provider market to the brink of collapse. "These figures show the enormous strain providers are under, and emphasises the urgent need for a long-term, sustainable solution to the social care funding crisis." Many home care companies say their biggest problem is recruitment and retention of carers. The Centre for Workforce Intelligence estimates at least two million more carers will be needed by 2025 in England alone, in both in-home care and care homes, to cope with growing demand. Last October, the regulator for England, the Care Quality Commission, warned that adult social care was at a tipping point. One home care company, Cymorth Llaw, which had contracts with three councils in north Wales, told Panorama it had recently stopped working with one - Conwy, which had initially paid £14.20 an hour for care. It offered to raise that to £15, but the company decided that still wasn't enough and handed back the contract. Ken Hogg, at Cymorth Llaw, said: "We didn't think we could do it for the money - it was as simple as that. "We pay as much [in wages] as we possibly can and we've always paid above what was the national minimum wage and the national living wage. "[Carers] get a mileage allowance, they get paid travelling time between their clients." Mr Hogg said the company was legally obliged to pay 1% pension and 13.8% national insurance contributions, along with training and other staff-associated costs, which "doesn't leave a great deal". Conwy Council said it was committed to supporting vulnerable people in communities, despite the financial challenges. Home care company Mears used to have a contract with Liverpool City Council but cancelled it in July, saying £13.10 an hour was not enough to cover costs. Mears said it needed at least £15 an hour, and like other companies across the UK, argued its costs are often greater than what councils pay. Alan Long, executive director at Mears, said: "That was a terrible thing to do for both service users and for care staff. "We absolutely did not take that lightly, but frankly what choice did we have? "We just cannot do the two most basic things that you need to do in home care - pay staff the absolute minimum of a living wage and be able to recruit enough people to deliver the service that Liverpool Council actually expected from us." The industry's trade body, the United Kingdom Homecare Association, said many companies were really struggling. Colin Angel, its policy and campaigns director, said some care providers are "really desperate" and "really do not know whether they're going to be able to continue in business, beyond the next year". He added: "That means they're really having to make some hard commercial decisions, whether they might need to cease trading or indeed just hand back work to local councils." The nationwide shortage of carers is leaving many elderly people stuck in NHS wards, which results in bed blocking. Government figures show there are more than 6,500 people across Britain stuck in an acute hospital bed, despite being well enough to leave. In England, a third of these are waiting for a home care package. Mike Furlong, manager of the Granby Rehabilitation Unit in Liverpool, told Panorama that while on average people spend 28 days at the care facility, "some patients have been with us 12 and 14 weeks because all the therapy is complete, but unfortunately there's no care package available at the end of it". Liverpool City Council said that, over the last seven years, its budget had been cut by £330m and it now needed to find a further £90m over the next three years. Samih Kalakeche, Liverpool's director of adult social services, said: "Is there a crisis in the home care services? I'll say yes, there is - and it's not just money, it's the sheer volume of demographics. "We've got an ageing population which we welcome, but we don't have enough people coming into the industry." Earlier this month, Chancellor Philip Hammond announced £2bn extra for social care for English councils over the next three years. Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Wales will decide how they spend their extra funding. But the industry says that with an increasingly ageing population, it's just not enough to keep pace with demand. The government has said it will be bringing forward more proposals later this year, to ensure a financially sustainable social care system. Panorama: Britain's Home Care Crisis - Monday, 20 March, 20:30 GMT, BBC One
American Chris Zablocki again finished second, while James Faudemer was the first Jersey runner home in a new personal best of 2:39.15. Nollaigh O'Neill, who led from early on, dominated the women's race. "I'm so happy, but the time was slow," said the 44-year-old Irish runner. "I was flying up until about mile 20 or 21 and my quads started to seize and tighten up, so I just had to pull back and run strong and smart." O'Neill made it over the line at the Weighbridge just outside the three hour mark (3:01.48) and more than 10 minutes clear of second-placed Ffion Davies. More than 400 runners took on the full 26-mile course, with hundreds more in the 3K fun run and relay events. While Troshkin stole the headlines in the men's race, Faudemer's run smashing quarter of an hour off his personal best was amongst the local highlights. "I'm just so happy," Faudemer told BBC Radio Jersey. "Long distance running is picking up in Jersey - I knew I had it in me with the sessions I've done in the build up. "The support was amazing throughout the whole course, friends and family, it was awesome and made a big difference." SportsHub Men, featuring Jersey's top triathlete Dan Halksworth, took the relay title while SportsHub Women were the first female team home. Peter Holmes won the 3K race, narrowly ahead of Jack Kennedy.
2 December 2015 Last updated at 09:17 GMT Emi, 22, wrote The Things She Told Me to reflect her own experiences as a woman, but she hopes it will resonate across the world. The Sudanese-American who originates from Darfur only began writing slam poetry - work that is written for performance and that is often powerful and emotional in tone - when she arrived at university. She is studying anthropology and molecular biology at Yale, and is one of the BBC's 100 Women 2015 Our 100 Women season showcases two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 100 Women and others who defy stereotypes around the world. Like us on Facebook, follow us on Instagram using the hashtag #100Women and listen to our programmes here.
State media also repeated threats to the US Pacific island of Guam, which it called "an advanced base of invasion". The missile launched on Tuesday crossed Japan's northern Hokkaido island, triggering public alerts to take cover, before landing in the sea. The UN Security Council has unanimously condemned North Korea for its actions. Meeting late on Tuesday in New York, the council called the launch "outrageous", demanding North Korea cease all missile testing. While the statement said the regime's actions were a threat to all UN member states, it did not threaten new sanctions against Pyongyang. Russia and China said US military activity in the region was partly to blame for the increase in tensions, and urged negotiations. Arriving for a visit to Japan, British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday called on China to put more pressure on North Korea, saying that Beijing had a key role in the international response to Pyongyang's "reckless provocation". North Korea has repeatedly conducted missile launches in recent months, despite being barred from doing so under UN rules. The latest, a domestically made Hwasong-12, was launched early on Tuesday Korean time from a site near Pyongyang. It travelled some 2,700km (1,678 miles), at an unusually low height for North Korean missile tests, over Hokkaido before crashing about 1,180km off Japan's eastern coast. Japan sent out alerts telling people in Hokkaido to take cover. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe later called it "unprecedented, serious and a grave threat". For the first time, North Korea's official news agency KCNA admitted deliberately firing a ballistic missile across Japan. Previous projectiles which crossed the mainland were later claimed to have been satellite launches. It said the launch was in direct response to joint US-South Korean military drills which are currently taking place, as well as to mark the anniversary of the Japan-Korea treaty of 1910, which saw Japanese forces annex the Korean peninsula. KCNA, quoting leader Kim Jong-un, said that, "like a real war", the latest drill was "the first step of the military operation of the KPA [Korean People's Army] in the Pacific and a meaningful prelude to containing Guam". Mr Kim has also ordered more rocket drills targeting the region, it said. North Korea first threatened to fire missiles towards Guam - a major US military centre in the Pacific and where some 160,000 US citizens live - earlier this month. US officials had suggested that the fact it had not carried out its threat so far was a sign of possible progress. US President Donald Trump, in a statement released by the White House, said the world had "received North Korea's latest message loud and clear". "This regime has signalled its contempt for its neighbours, for all members of the United Nations, and for minimum standards of acceptable international behaviour," he said. "Threatening and destabilising actions only increase the North Korean regime's isolation in the region and among all nations of the world. All options are on the table." Earlier this month, President Trump warned Pyongyang would face "fire and fury" if it continued to threaten the US. Have North Korea's missile tests paid off?
It follows an incident which saw a S92 spin more than 180 degrees on landing. One-off inspections of the tail rotor on all S92 helicopters around the world took place last week, following the incident on the West Franklin platform in December. Operators are now being told to increase inspections on the aircraft's tail rotor. No-one was injured in the incident, but there was significant damage to the deck of the platform. As a result of the initial safety checks, 11 tail rotor bearings were returned to manufacturer Sikorsky for further tests. The Federal Aviation Administration has now said further inspections using specialist cameras must be carried out every 10 hours of flying time. North Sea operators said they were fully complying with the latest directive.
The Big Sleep Hotel, once part-owned by Hollywood star John Malkovich, received complaints from guests about blood stains on walls, rubbish on floors and unclean bathrooms. X-Ray also found dirty duvets, mouldy windows and dead insects. The hotel, now owned by Compass Hospitality, has promised to improve. The Big Sleep, opposite the Motorpoint Arena, was hailed as a "designer budget hotel" when it was opened by Malkovich in 1999. But unhappy customers have spoken to X-Ray about how shocked they were by the cleanliness in the rooms when they visited. Jan Jones, 58, from Porthcawl in Bridgend county, paid Â£68 to stay at the hotel following a night out with friends in January. But she said when she went to her room, it was strewn with rubbish and the bed was unmade. "I really thought it was occupied by someone because it was just an absolute mess," she said. "There were empty food containers in there, there were empty beer bottles, the mattress was exposed and it was stained. "The bathroom was filthy dirty. And the smell was awful because there was stale food in there. It was just shocking." Another guest, Lina Tsaltampasi from Thessaloniki, Greece, who stayed in September, bought cleaning products to clean the room herself. After speaking to guests, the BBC X-Ray team also booked a room at the hotel and presenter Omar Hamdi found a broken bed and a stained mattress and bedding. "Everywhere I looked there was grime," he said. "A blood stain on the wall, hairs on the bedding, thick dust on the skirting boards, and stains in not one, but both drawers of the bedside table." The Big Sleep apologised and said its "lapses in quality" were unacceptable. It said it was taking action to improve its housekeeping and to tackle poor management. It added it was confident the hotel would be transformed once its current refurbishment was complete. The hotel has said it will refund all the customers featured on X-Ray.
Sun Maya Tamang, 50, is accused of killing Man Limbu, who was found unconscious at a flat in Victoria Road, Aldershot, on Friday. She is also accused of attempted murder, aggravated burglary and false imprisonment relating to an incident at a property in Grove Road. Ms Tamang, of Victoria Road, is due at Basingstoke magistrates on Tuesday. Police said Man Limbu was discovered at 17:30 GMT on Friday and was later pronounced dead at the scene. Detectives said the alleged attempted murder, burglary and false imprisonment related to a 47-year-old woman.
Media playback is not supported on this device Wes Hoolahan gave the Republic a deserved lead shortly after half-time with a crisply struck half-volley worthy of opening the scoring in any match. Martin O'Neill's team had struck the woodwork and gone close several times prior to scoring. But, after taking the lead they found themselves under increasing pressure and conceded when Clark, chosen ahead of Richard Keogh in the centre of defence, headed a low cross from Zlatan Ibrahimovic into his own net. The equaliser came from one of the few moments of quality from the Sweden captain, who collected a neat backheel from substitute John Guidetti and raced to the byeline before drilling in a low cross. Jeff Hendrick drew a late save from Andreas Isaksson but there was to be no winner at the end of a feisty, scrappy match the Republic shaded but could not close out. Commitment, passion and determination were much in evidence at the Stade de France, with those workmanlike qualities comfortably eclipsing any quality and finesse on show. But, in the end, neither side had quite enough to prevail and are left to ponder a result that is hardly disastrous but not exactly what either wanted. Both have remaining Group E fixtures against Italy and Belgium - the two favourites to progress - and have arguably missed out on their best chance to get a crucial victory. In a tournament with 16 qualifiers from the group stage, three points would have taken one of them a huge step towards reaching the next round. Media playback is not supported on this device The Republic lost all three of their games at Euro 2012, when Italian coach Giovanni Trapattoni set up his team to try to stymie their opponents and snatch the points. Yet after qualifying from a group that included Poland and Germany, there was no lack of adventure and ambition here in Paris. Robbie Brady was a menace down the left, Hendrick struck the crossbar with a caressed right-foot strike and drew a superb save with a crisp shot from the edge of the area, and John O'Shea was inches from converting Clark's flick-on. There was also no disputing the quality of Hoolahan's goal three minutes after the restart. Seamus Coleman delivered a superb cross after a teasing, jinking run down the right and Hoolahan, who had found space at a premium in a generally congested midfield, superbly smashed home a half-volley from 14 yards across goal and beyond Isaksson. Hendrick forced another save from the Sweden goalkeeper with a low strike after his team conceded and the men in green showed enough to suggest that whatever happens to them in this tournament they will leave everything on the field. Ibrahimovic said before the match that "the legend can still deliver", but it did not look like it for most of the match. On many occasions - especially during the first half - the 34-year-old was drawn so deep in search of the ball that he looked more like a midfielder. Ibrahimovic, strongly linked with Manchester United, scored 11 of his team's 19 goals in qualifying, and going into the fixture with the Republic might have fancied his prospects against a central-defensive pairing of O'Shea and Clark. Yet he had very little chance to improve on his record of 62 international goals. He struck the wall with a free-kick, snatched a volley and was inches from converting a low drilled cross. But he was at the heart of the move that led to the equaliser. The unfortunate Clark had already gone close once to putting the ball in his own net with a header Darren Randolph did well to save before Emil Forsberg hammered the rebound wide. But Randolph could do nothing to stop Clark's header after Ibrahimovic had finally sprung to life and at least partially justified his top billing. Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill: "I thought we were magnificent in the game with some really great football. "Of course the goal deflates you and there is disappointment in the dressing room, but I don't think the players should be downhearted with their performance. "I think they should be absolutely thrilled with the way we played." Goalscorer Wes Hoolahan: "The boys were unlucky but we'll take the point. We created a lot of chances. "In the first half we were excellent and at the start of the second as well. The boys should be proud of themselves, it's a great point in the end." Sweden take on Italy in Toulouse at 14:00 BST on Friday while the Republic face Belgium in Bordeaux at 14:00 BST the day after. Match ends, Republic of Ireland 1, Sweden 1. Second Half ends, Republic of Ireland 1, Sweden 1. Foul by Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Sweden). Ciaran Clark (Republic of Ireland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Andreas Granqvist (Sweden). Shane Long (Republic of Ireland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Albin Ekdal (Sweden) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by James McClean (Republic of Ireland). Foul by Sebastian Larsson (Sweden). James McClean (Republic of Ireland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Sweden. Albin Ekdal replaces Oscar Lewicki. Substitution, Republic of Ireland. Aiden McGeady replaces James McCarthy. Guidetti (Sweden) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Glenn Whelan (Republic of Ireland). Offside, Republic of Ireland. Glenn Whelan tries a through ball, but Shane Long is caught offside. Foul by Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Sweden). Ciaran Clark (Republic of Ireland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Republic of Ireland. Robbie Keane replaces Wes Hoolahan. Glenn Whelan (Republic of Ireland) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Sweden). Seamus Coleman (Republic of Ireland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Andreas Granqvist (Sweden) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ciaran Clark (Republic of Ireland). Corner,  Republic of Ireland. Conceded by Martin Olsson. Attempt missed. Shane Long (Republic of Ireland) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by James McCarthy with a cross. Foul by Kim Källström (Sweden). Wes Hoolahan (Republic of Ireland) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt saved. Jeff Hendrick (Republic of Ireland) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Glenn Whelan. Own Goal by Ciaran Clark, Republic of Ireland.  Republic of Ireland 1, Sweden 1. Attempt missed. James McClean (Republic of Ireland) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Wes Hoolahan following a set piece situation. Foul by Andreas Granqvist (Sweden). Wes Hoolahan (Republic of Ireland) wins a free kick on the right wing. Hand ball by Wes Hoolahan (Republic of Ireland). Offside, Sweden. Martin Olsson tries a through ball, but Zlatan Ibrahimovic is caught offside. Offside, Sweden. Martin Olsson tries a through ball, but Zlatan Ibrahimovic is caught offside. Substitution, Republic of Ireland. James McClean replaces Jonathan Walters. Offside, Republic of Ireland. Ciaran Clark tries a through ball, but Jonathan Walters is caught offside. Offside, Sweden. Guidetti tries a through ball, but Zlatan Ibrahimovic is caught offside. Nilsson-Lindelöf (Sweden) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Nilsson-Lindelöf (Sweden).
The move earlier this year sparked widespread public and political backlash with many questioning whether the British royal deserved Australia's top honour. It came after Mr Abbot revived Australia's honours system last year. The new cabinet under Malcolm Turnbull is set to review the honours system. Mr Turnbull, the new prime minister, ousted Mr Abbott from power in an internal party challenge last month. On 26 January - Australia's national day - Mr Abbott announced he had nominated Queen Elizabeth II's husband to receive the knighthood. He had said then that the Duke of Edinburgh's life of "service and dedication" should be honoured. The Queen awarded the knighthood in April. Asked on Thursday in an interview with radio station 3AW about his decision, Mr Abbott said: "Obviously it was an injudicious appointment." Australia's honours system The move was met with scorn from many among the Australian public, who questioned the Prince's contributions to Australia and pointed out that as a British royal he was a symbol of another country. Some media outlets called it a "Knightmare", opposition leader Bill Shorten called it "anachronistic", and Mr Abbott faced criticism from within his own Liberal party. Mr Turnbull, who used to chair Australia's republican movement, had previously defended the honours system's revival in 2014, noting that most republics have an honours system and an order of knighthood. But he is now said to be in favour of abolishing the system, according to Australian media reports.
Henrietta Yakubu, a spokesman for the aviation authority, said repair works were completed 24 hours ahead of schedule. An Ethiopian Airlines flight was the first to land on Tuesday morning. Flights had been diverted to Kaduna, 160 km (100 miles) from the capital, and some international carriers refused to operate the new route. Those airlines are now taking bookings for flights later this week. The runway at Nnamdi Azikiwe airport was supposed to be upgraded in 2002 - it was built in 1982 and was only meant to have a 20-year lifespan. There have been celebrations that the repair project was completed ahead of time but the fact the capital was without a functioning airport for more than a month highlights the state of Nigeria's crumbling infrastructure, the BBC's Martin Patience says.
Lewis Elliot, 19, predicted both teams would score in both halves of the Crawley v Carlisle, Hibernian v Aberdeen and Chelsea v Tottenham games. The bet came in at odds of 6,858/1 when Eden Hazard scored for Chelsea in their FA Cup semi-final. "I am absolutely delighted," said Mr Elliot. "I went crazy when Hazard scored." The first two legs of his bet came in as Aberdeen reached the Scottish Cup final with a 3-2 win over Hibs. Later, Crawley and Carlisle shared the spoils in a 3-3 draw in League Two. Mr Elliot's win was confirmed at Wembley on Saturday evening, with Chelsea's Willian and Spurs' Harry Kane scoring in the first half of the two London sides' cup clash. Dele Alli scored for Tottenham just after the break to leave Lewis requiring just one more Chelsea goal to land his bumper bet. That goal came courtesy of Eden Hazard, who scored in the 75th minute to give the Blues the lead and send them on their way to the FA Cup final.
Harry Gould, from Newcastle-under-Lyme, will be presented with the Legion d'Honneur by the Lord Lieutenant of Staffordshire. Mr Gould served with the Royal Army Service Corps and was involved in the transportation of supplies to troops. The charity that helped him apply said Mr Gould had been unaware he was eligible until told over a cup of tea. Latest stories from Staffordshire Mr Gould said he had been 18 years old when he landed at Arromanches, in Normandy. "We had to come off the landing crafts. There were thousands of [men] just dead on the ground. "The cargo we were carrying was mainly fresh water, ammunition and food. "The water was important because the water in in Normandy had been polluted by the Germans." Later, as Mr Gould was travelling in convoy, the two wagons in front of him exploded after being hit by aircraft fire. "It made you feel terrible, but you had to keep going," he said. He said he had been overwhelmed when learning he was eligible to receive the medal. "It's like having an OBE in this country," he said. Geoff Harriman, chairman of Tri Services and Veterans Support Centre, helped Mr Gould apply for the honour. "Through conversations over a cup of tea, we found out Harry took part in the D-Day landings," he said. "We knew the French government were awarding medals, so we applied on his behalf. "It's France's highest award to non-French nationals. It's a way of saying thank you for assisting in the liberation of France."
The Supreme Court has ruled against a father who took his daughter on an unauthorised term-time break. But between travel companies' elevated school holiday prices and the need to juggle work commitments, some parents say they cannot always go away during the school holidays and that it should be their decision to make. Hayley, 39, says she is "fuming" at the ruling. Together with her husband Martin, the couple, from Cheshire, took their children Archie, aged five, and Ruby, six, out of school in January to attend a family wedding in India. As Archie was under five at the time, his absence did not cause problems. But Ruby's did. Not long after they returned, letters arrived from the local council to inform them that they were being fined a total of Â£120. "I'm not going to pay it," she said. "They basically brandish you a criminal." Hayley had asked the school for permission but says she never received a reply. "Why should you be dictated to?" she said. "It's made no difference to Ruby. She's never missed anything important. "India was such a different country to go to. It taught them things. It was such a good experience." Hayley is frustrated by what she sees as inconsistencies in the enforcement of the rules. "Some children have a really bad attendance but don't get fined. Ruby's attendance was close to 100%. "We took work on the plane and I encouraged her to do writing and reading while we were away." There has been criticism that the rule does not allow enough discretion for people's individual circumstances. Marcus, 41, has a very good reason for not being able to take his children away during school holidays - it is his job to refurbish schools while the pupils are away. "You need to spend time with your children. Just saying no is unrealistic for people," he said. "I haven't been able to go away during the summer break since my children were born." Harry, his eldest, is nine and Samuel is five. With his partner Laura, Marcus took his children out of school for two weeks in October to visit Disney World in Florida. "It was a very special one," he said. "The memories will last for a lifetime. "They swam with dolphins and Harry came back with loads of knowledge about dolphins." But the school recorded the absence as unauthorised leave and Marcus is worried they may now be fined. "They sympathised with my situation but said that they could not risk getting into trouble authorising it," he said. "My children have high attendance rates and I understand the need to prevent unnecessary absence, but if you make the children do a diary and read while on holiday then I honestly do not see the harm going during term-time." Though the Supreme Court ruling might make Marcus think twice about taking his children out of school to go on holiday, he does not think it would stop him. "I feel I deserve time with my children away from work, school and day-to-day pressures. "I feel holidays provide this space to relax and enjoy time together, to explore other countries, cultures and ways of life. "I do not feel that taking time out is jeopardising my children's education, if anything it brings greater variety to it." Chris Bell, UGC and Social News team
People have reported dead fish in Aberaeron, Aberystwyth, Barmouth, Harlech and Chwilog. Other beaches are also likely to be affected. NRW experts said it was a "natural phenomenon" caused by mackerel and other fish chasing food in calm seas. Rowland Sharp, marine fisheries officer for NRW, said: "The calm seas means that mackerel chase small fish all the way on to the beaches. "The fish in these bait balls will ground themselves on beaches in an effort to escape." He added: "It may appear worrying, but it's only nature at work really."
The country's Consul General will present more than 40 Ushakov Medals to surviving veterans and representatives of those who have died. Other ceremonies for veterans are being held in Edinburgh, Aberdeen and Inverness before Remembrance Sunday. From 1941 to 1945, Allied ships sailed from Scotland and Iceland to Russia to supply it with food and weapons. More than 3,000 seamen lost their lives to the freezing conditions and attacks by German submarines and aircraft. In total, 214 Ushakov Medals are being presented by the Consul General Andrey Pritsepov to veterans or their families in Scotland. The Consul General said: "The Ushakov Medal is one of Russia's most important naval awards, presented only to those who demonstrated courage in sea warfare. "These medals are well-deserved by the Scottish veterans of the Arctic Convoys who sailed alongside our fathers and grandfathers on extremely dangerous missions and returned home victorious against all odds." The ceremony at Glasgow City Chambers on Friday is being hosted by Lord Provost Sadie Docherty. She said: "In this centenary year of the outbreak of the First World War, we are remembering the fallen in all conflicts and the bravery of those who defend our shores and freedoms. "Those who served in the notorious Arctic Convoys have a special place in history and we owe them a huge debt for their bravery and tenacity. "I know it means a great deal to the veterans and their families that they are finally being honoured in this fashion for their role in maintaining a vital naval lifeline that helped Britain and her allies win the war." The medal is named after Fyodor Ushakov, an 18th Century naval commander who never lost a battle and the patron saint of the Russian navy. The medal was originally established in 1944 for those who demonstrated courage and prowess in sea warfare. It is now awarded to veterans "for personal courage and valour shown during World War Two while participating in the Arctic Convoys". Convoys left the Clyde and Loch Ewe in Wester Ross during the effort to supply Russia with food and weapons from 1941 to 1945. The British Merchant Navy, along with Russian, US, Canadian, Norwegian and Dutch merchant fleets, were involved. In total, 78 convoys sailed to and from Russia under escort from Allied warships.
The remains of this large, rodent-like creature give clues about how mammals "took over" when dinosaurs died out. They think the newly-discovered species was a plant-eating creature that looked a bit like a beaver. The researchers noticed, in particular, the animal's teeth, which were designed for chewing plants. This group of now-extinct mammals lived alongside the dinosaurs and thrived for more than 100 million years. The scientists say that this discovery helps explain how mammals made it through the event which killed off dinosaurs, thought to be an asteroid hitting Earth. "A whole lot of mammals did die, but this group is one that made it through pretty well," Dr Brusatte explained. "That asteroid hit and suddenly the dinosaurs are wiped out. It looks like mammals were just waiting their turn and as soon as the dinosaurs disappeared, they thrived."
The SPFL has set up a working group to examine the issue of unacceptable conduct. And it is understood that they would seek financial assistance from the Scottish government. The facial recognition system was mentioned at a meeting of all 42 clubs on Tuesday. The debate over the extent to which clubs should be held accountable for the conduct of their followers has been sparked by recent incidents involving Rangers, Celtic and Dundee United supporters. Hibernian's visit to Ibrox on 28 December was marred by sectarian chants from the home end, while there were complaints of sectarian songs during Celtic's Scottish Cup trip to Stranraer. Celtic and Dundee United have both condemned their own fans for setting off pyrotechnics. SPFL board member Mike Mulraney revealed there was not appetite to introduce new strict liability rules. The Alloa chairman said there is "no chance whatsoever" of clubs agreeing to regulations that could see them punished for the conduct of supporters regardless of whether the club itself is to blame. A spokesman for the league body said: "The SPFL is working with government and other partners with the aim of establishing a workable solution to help rid our football grounds of unacceptable conduct. "This work is at an early stage and is not being led by any one club. "The issue of unacceptable conduct is something that the SPFL, its board and its member clubs are absolutely committed to addressing. "Recognising that certain behaviours are for society to face and address as a whole, we believe football can take a leading role in moving this issue forward for Scottish society." The prospect of facial recognition technology has been met with scepticism from the Scottish Football Supporters' Association. Chairman Simon Barrow said the fans' group is concerned by "a rushed move towards intrusive surveillance". He added: "There needs to be careful consultation with fans and clubs, alongside wider consideration of how to deal effectively and proportionately with threatening and insulting behaviour. "The best way forward will involve working with the great majority of supporters who deplore such abuses, rather than making them feel under accusation themselves."
Sadie Hartley, 60, was stunned with a cattle prod and stabbed at her home in Helmshore, Lancashire, in January. Preston Crown Court heard Sarah Williams, 35, exchanged naked photographs with Ms Hartley's partner Ian Johnston in the weeks prior to the death. Ms Williams denies murder. The court has heard Ms Williams was obsessed by Mr Johnston, 57, and "eliminated" Ms Hartley with the help of Katrina Walsh, 56,  who also denies murder, when he refused to leave her. Mr Johnston, who had been in an "intermittent", "intimate" relationship with communications director Ms Hartley, began a sexual relationship with Ms Williams after they met in December 2012. The former firefighter told Ms Williams the relationship was over months later, he said, but she kept contacting him in person or by text and even sent an anonymous letter to Ms Hartley, boasting the sender had had "fantastic" sex with Mr Johnston. John McDermott, prosecuting, said Mr Johnston and Ms Williams exchanged naked photographs on 3, 4 and 5 December last year. Mr Johnston said he didn't block the messages and responded "in kind" to Ms Williams' messages. But he told the prosecutor he did not seek to rekindle the relationship and was "distraught" when he read the texts the next day. There were further similar exchanges between the pair on Christmas Day, and again 10 days before the murder, Mr McDermott told the court. Mr Johnston had been in Switzerland when the messages in January were sent, the court heard. Mr McDermott asked: "What were your intentions with Sarah Williams once you would return to this country?" Mr Johnston said: "Nothing at all. I can't recall half the text messages." Ms Williams and riding instructor Katrina Walsh, 56, of Hare Lane, Chester, both deny murder. Walsh is said to have played a key role in helping her friend to "eliminate" her love rival. The trial continues.
Cherryl Henry-Leach from Doncaster Children's Services Trust, which runs Getting On, said it was one of the only programmes of its kind in the UK. Families work with police, the health service, voluntary sector and council to avoid violence at home. Ms Henry-Leach said parents were often reluctant to get help. "They feel shame and stigma attached to being a victim of domestic abuse, while also fearing the consequences for their child if reported," she said. The programme seeks to stop children moving from one abusive relationship to another, using a "whole-family approach" unique to Doncaster to build families' self-esteem and resilience, Ms Henry-Leach said. Many teenagers on the programme have lived with domestic violence between parents so the project attempts to "de-normalise" abuse and help them move on to healthier relationships. Mother and son, Anne and Luke (not their real names) from Doncaster, said the techniques derived from University of Oxford research taught them how to listen. "There was a lot of swearing and abusive behaviour before," Anne said.  "Luke never actually hit me, but he'd go to hit me, or push me which could be frightening. "I can now sit down and talk to my son without us shouting at each other. We can actually have a conversation without being abusive. Luke agreed that they have a "healthier relationship." Five Doncaster families have now completed the nine week programme, which is funded by Â£3.1m from the Department for Education's Innovation Fund. A further six families are still on the programme.
The brawl on Saturday began after the families objected to photos being taken, witnesses say. Stones and bottles were thrown. Reports say some of the brawlers were armed with hatchets and harpoons. Unrest continued on Sunday at a protest in the regional capital. The head of the regional executive, Gilles Simeoni, has appealed for calm. The incident took place on a creek near the village of Sisco, Upper Corsica. Tension has grown this summer between local communities and Muslims of North African origin in the south of France, especially following the massacre of 85 people by a lorry driver in the city of Nice on 14 July. At the end of last month, an outlawed Corsican paramilitary group warned Islamist militants against targeting their island. Earlier this week, the resort town of Cannes controversially banned the wearing of the Islamic bathing costume for women, the burkini. Three of the injured have been released from hospital in Bastia and the other two were due to be sent home shortly, prosecutors said in a statement (in French). They described the brawl as being of "great violence". French media report that the trouble began around 18:15 (16:15 GMT) when tourists took photos of women bathing. Reports say the women were wearing burkinis. Ange Vivoni, mayor of Sisco, told reporters that when a local teenager was stabbed, the victim's "family and all the people of Sisco got together". According to the newspaper Le Figaro (in French), some of the older men in the bathing party had attacked a group of local teenagers on the beach with hatchets. When the teenagers' parents arrived from the village, two of them were reportedly injured with harpoons. Villagers allegedly then set alight cars belonging to the bathers. Another French daily, Le Monde, reports (in French) that one man was injured twice by a harpoon after his son was beaten up. Stones and bottles were also thrown. Two fathers from among the bathing party were also injured during the brawl, the paper adds. According to Le Monde newspaper, the three involved in the brawl are all Muslims. Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve condemned the violence and also appealed for calm. Hundreds of people held a protest in Bastia, heading for a housing estate, where some of those involved in Saturday's brawl are said to live. Riot police could be seen pushing them back and tear gas was reportedly fired when stones were thrown.
Mike Brandon, 31, from Bristol, is being treated in Philadelphia after his British consultant said all NHS routes were "exhausted". Kate Brandon said it had been "by far the hardest three weeks of our lives." She said her husband had spent the last week in intensive care but was now back on the "wonderful oncology unit". Mr Brandon was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia two years ago. In May, his wife raised enough money using a social media campaign to fund his taking part  in "revolutionary" cancer trials at the University of Pennsylvania. Mrs Brandon said: "We were told that paradoxically the sicker that people become during this treatment, the more likely they are to have a good outcome. "This knowledge has helped carry us through this excruciatingly difficult time. Boy, did our boy get sick." Mr Brandon said: "There are plenty of things about a leukaemia diagnosis that are tough: the constant worry about things that may never happen, the strain of the things that have definitely happened, and the stress it places on those closest to me. "When my leukaemia relapsed in March, we were told that it was time to plan our last days together, but Kate point blank refused. We would fight on, and we have."
This is an account of the critical days leading up to the killings. 6 - 8 July 1995: Bosnian Serb forces had laid siege to the Srebrenica enclave, where tens of thousands of civilians had taken refuge from earlier Serb offensives in north-eastern Bosnia. They were under the protection of about 600 lightly armed Dutch infantry forces. Fuel was running out and no fresh food had been brought into the enclave since May. Serb forces began shelling Srebrenica. Bosnian Muslim fighters in the town asked for the return of weapons they had surrendered to the peacekeepers but their request was refused. The Dutch commander called UN Headquarters in Sarajevo asking for "close air support" after shells and rockets landed close to refugee centres and observation posts manned by peacekeepers. 9 July 1995: The Bosnian Serbs stepped up their shelling and thousands of refugees fled to the town from southern camps ahead of advancing Serbs, who attacked Dutch observation posts, taking about 30 soldiers hostage. One peacekeeper was fatally wounded when Bosnian Muslims fired on retreating Dutch troops. 10 July 1995: Dutch Commander Col Karremans filed a request for UN air support after the Bosnian Serbs shelled Dutch positions. UN Commander Gen Janvier initially refused, but agreed after another request from the colonel. Serb attacks stopped before the planes arrived and strikes were postponed. Some 4,000 refugees were in the town by the evening and there was panic on the streets. Large crowds were gathered around the Dutch positions. The Dutch commander told town leaders that Nato planes would launch massive air attacks against the Serbs if they had not withdrawn from the safe area by 06:00 the following morning. 11 July 1995: The Serb forces did not withdraw, but at 09:00 Col Karremans received word from Sarajevo that his request for close air support had been submitted on the wrong form. At 10:30, the resubmitted request reached Gen Janvier, but Nato planes had to return to base in Italy to refuel after being airborne since 06:00. By midday, more than 20,000 refugees - mostly women, children and the infirm - fled to the main Dutch base at Potocari. At 14:30, two Dutch F-16 fighters dropped two bombs on Serb positions surrounding Srebrenica. The Serbs responded with a threat to kill their Dutch hostages and shell refugees, causing the suspension of further strikes. The Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic entered Srebrenica two hours later, accompanied by Serb camera crews. In the evening, Gen Mladic summoned Col Karremans to a meeting at which he delivered an ultimatum that the Muslims must hand over their weapons to guarantee their lives. 12 July 1995: Buses arrived to take women and children to Muslim territory, while the Serbs begin separating out all males from age 12 to 77 for "interrogation for suspected war crimes". It is estimated that 23,000 women and children were deported in the next 30 hours. Hundreds of men were held in trucks and warehouses. About 15,000 Bosnian Muslim fighters had attempted to escape from Srebrenica overnight and were shelled as they fled through the mountains. 13 July 1995: The first killings of unarmed Muslims took place in a warehouse in the nearby village of Kravica. Peacekeepers handed over about 5,000 Muslims who had been sheltering at the Dutch base at Potocari. In return, the Bosnian Serbs released 14 Dutch peacekeepers who had been held at the Nova Kasaba base. 16 July 1995: Early reports of massacres emerged as the first survivors of the long march from Srebrenica began to arrive in Muslim-held territory. Following negotiations between the UN and the Bosnian Serbs, the Dutch were at last permitted to leave Srebrenica, leaving behind weapons, food and medical supplies. In the five days after Bosnian Serb forces overran Srebrenica, more than 7,000 Muslim men are thought to have been killed.
The adder's-tongue spearwort is only found in two places in the UK - Badgeworth, near Gloucester, and on Inglestone Common, near Bristol. At Badgeworth, the tiny nature reserve boasts a small crop of the plant but in South Gloucestershire the buttercup is only spotted once every five years. Plant expert Richard Lansdown said: "We wouldn't normally reintroduce but Inglestone is down to a single plant." The species, more commonly known as the Badgeworth buttercup, relies on bare, wet ground that has been churned up by cattle to set seed and thrive. But with fewer animals grazing the common in recent years, it has become overrun with scrub and the buttercup now "only grows intermittently" at a single pond. "I sieved out the mud and extracted all the seeds [at Inglestone] and didn't find any from the Badgeworth buttercup - there weren't any left at all," said Mr Lansdown. "So we've had to use seed originally collected from the site some years ago that was sent to the Millennium Seed Bank." Using the 270 plus seeds held at Kew, 200 plants were propagated and about 80 planted out at Inglestone with a further planting planned for mid-June "The two sites have been declining for a very, very long time," said Mr Lansdown. "But we've planted out 83 plants in different locations at Inglestone and at least half of them are surviving and doing well and have begun fruiting which will add to the seed bank."
April Jones was playing with friends near her home in Machynlleth but was seen getting into a grey or light coloured van at 19:00 BST on Monday. Around 200 people helped in a search of streets, farmland and woodland through the night. April was last seen wearing a purple knee-length coat with a fur hood, white school polo top and black trousers. The Ysgol Gynradd Machynlleth pupil had been playing on her bicycle with friends near her home on the Bryn-y-Gog estate. Dyfed-Powys Police said all the witnesses to her suspected abduction were children. Det Supt Reg Bevan said getting information from the children would take time. "It's a delicate and difficult process interviewing young children who were the witnesses to this," he said. "That's continuing - it commenced last night and it will continue this morning and hopefully I will have more information for you later." A hotline number has been released for people to call with information - 0300 2000 333. Det Supt Bevan added: "We're liaising with our colleagues, neighbouring forces, [getting] specialist advice. By Cemlyn DaviesBBC Wales I've already heard shouts and cries of 'April' as the search resumed this morning. I'm standing near the spot where the five-year-old was last seen around half past seven on Monday evening. The community has really pulled together and that was clear last night. A few hundred people gathered at the town's leisure centre. I was there to watch them come together. They divided themselves into groups to go out into the town to keep searching for April. This morning, I've spoken to the local councillors who have said they will do everything possible to help April Jones's family at this very, very difficult time. They've described the family as a wonderful family who play their part in the community, and they'll do everything they can to help find April safe and sound. "We've got specially trained family liaison officers supporting April's family." He also praised the "tremendous response" from the community. Local people gathered at Machynlleth Leisure Centre on Monday evening to help look for the girl, as news of her disappearance spread on social network sites. Posters of April were also circulated and put up around the town. Police also set up road blocks to check vehicles, while the street where April disappeared has been cordoned off. Det Ch Supt Simon Powell of Dyfed-Powys Police said officers were "becoming increasingly concerned for her safety". He said the force had launched an "intensive search and criminal investigation" into the abduction. "April was last seen playing on a bicycle near her home address and was seen getting into what we believe was a light-coloured van which then drove off," he added. Insp Kevin Davies said the fire service and police dog teams had been mobilised, and vehicle check-points set up. "There is mention of a grey van, we're looking at that as one of the angles of inquiry," he said. "Nothing is being overlooked. It's an angle, it's an inquiry that we're pursuing along with other angles. "We're searching the area.  Everything we can possibly do is being done. "The family are obviously distressed. We're trying to keep them informed, we've got an officer allocated to them just to keep them informed as to what's happening. Any information, we'll share with them." Shadow Welsh Secretary, Owen Smith MP, told the Labour conference in Manchester that the thoughts and prayers of all delegates are with the missing girl and her family. "We all pray she's back in her community and with her family as soon as humanly possible," he added. Meanwhile, Powys County Council said it was providing support for pupils and staff at April's school. Both the primary school and adjacent secondary school are open with lessons continuing as usual. The council said refuse and recycling collections in the town had been suspended for the day, with the workers involved volunteering to join in the police search. Machynlleth, an historic market town in countryside in the Dyfi Valley, has a population of around 2,100. Search volunteer Anwen Morris said locals had searched an area with a 30-mile radius overnight using quad bikes and off-road vehicles. Local people described the family as "very well liked" and said they had helped create a community garden on the town's Bryn-y-Gog estate, which has more than 100 homes. Alun Hughes, a friend of the family, said: "We were out last night and at the moment we are waiting for the police to organise specialist searches of the town." Brian Vaughn, whose daughter goes to school with April, described her as a "lovely little girl". He said: "Everybody just wants her back, really. "Whatever we've got to do, we'll do it. We're just hoping for the best, that she's closer rather than further away." Mayor of Machenlleth Gareth Jones, who was among those at the leisure centre, said people wanted to help the search in any way they could. "We're all shocked, and it's the uncertainty of it all as well of course which is really worrying," he said. "Our thoughts go out to the family, the close family and friends of April. "We're all here to help as you can see by the amount of people we've got here this evening. "Anything we can do, we will do it." Machynlleth town councillor Michael Williams said people were "stunned". Machynlleth is a quiet Powys market town. Tourism is the town's major employment sector, with the countryside, along with its proximity to the coast, attracting people from across the UK. Caravan and camping sites are dotted across the rural landscape and its rural setting and relatively slow pace of life has led to many visitors choosing to settle there in search of an alternative lifestyle. The town, with its weekly market, remains one of the Welsh-speaking heartlands. Crime is low with an average of 15 crimes a month reported in Machynlleth so far this year,  mostly for anti-social behaviour. "I've lived here all my life and I've never heard of anything like this before," he said. "The family must be devastated, and I hope to goodness the little girl is found without any huge delay. Neighbour Rhydian Mason said: "Most of us I think have found out through social networking sites online like Facebook - that's where I first heard of it - and we all want to see what we can do to help. "It's completely heartbreaking. I'm trying to put myself in the shoes of April's parents and it's an awful feeling in the pit of the stomach. We're all out here hopefully to see if we can get a positive outcome to this story, and we'll do our best even if we're out all night." Dyfed-Powys Police have asked anyone with information to contact a dedicated hotline on 0300 2000 333.
Fighting that broke out in the capital, Juba, in July is responsible for the latest surge in those fleeing, it says. More than 1.6 million people are also displaced within South Sudan, meaning about 20% of the population have been made homeless since December 2013. A fragile peace deal signed last year is on the brink of collapse. "The violence in July came as a major setback to peace efforts in South Sudan," the UNHCR spokesman Leo Dobbs  said in a statement. The UN says more than 185,000 people have fled South Sudan since July. "The fighting has shattered hopes for a real breakthrough and triggered new waves of displacement and suffering, while humanitarian organisations are finding it very difficult for logistical, security and funding reasons to provide urgent protection and assistance to the hundreds of thousands in need," Mr Dobbs said. South Sudan refugees: Many of the refugees arriving in Uganda, which hosts the most South Sudanese, are "exhausted after days walking in the bush and going without food or water. Many children have lost one or both of their parents", the UNHCR says. A fall-out between President Salva Kiir and former Vice-President Machar - the most powerful members of their respective Dinka and Nuer ethnic groups - led to the civil war which erupted in December 2013. They only agreed to settle their differences under intense international pressure, signing a peace deal in August 2015 - and Mr Machar returned to Juba as vice-president in a unity government in April. But battles then broke out between his bodyguards and presidential guards three months later, prompting him to flee. Another member of his party has been appointed as vice-president, a move Mr Machar does not recognise. Earlier this week, a report funded by George Clooney accused both Mr Kiir and Mr Machar, as well as their officials, of personally profiting from the war. Both men have denied the allegations. The UN wants to deploy a 4,000-strong regional protection force for Juba which would have a more robust mandate than the 12,000 UN soldiers already in the country, however the mandate and size of the force still have to be agreed. More on South Sudan's crisis:
Addressing the party's UK conference, Ms Dugdale restated her support for the tax policy her party ran on in May. She wants a 50p tax on those earning over £150,000, and a penny increase in income tax to pay for public services. The conference will vote on Tuesday on plans to give the Scottish and Welsh leaders more power over their parties. The proposals would allow Kezia Dugdale and Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones the power to appoint a representative to the party's UK national executive committee (NEC). The plans would also give the Scottish and Welsh parties more autonomy. Sources have said there was an attempt to "unpick" the plans by removing the extra seats from the package. This was defeated, but it is possible there could be a second attempt prior to Tuesday's vote. Speaking at the weekend, Len McCluskey, head of the UK's biggest trade union Unite, said Ms Dugdale should not have the power to appoint Scotland's representative on the NEC. He said that while there was wide support for the autonomy proposals, coupling them with the NEC seat plans had created a "difficult position". Ms Dugdale has said she is confident the full package will be passed. It appears Kezia Dugdale and Jeremy Corbyn are involved in their first dispute since his re-election. A series of reforms to the way the Labour Party works are due to be passed on Tuesday. The package includes autonomy plans praised by Ms Dugdale last week. This part is uncontroversial and supported by everyone I've spoken to. But there is a row over another part. The reforms would also allow Ms Dugdale - and her Welsh counterpart Carwyn Jones - to appoint someone to represent them on the party's UK executive. Mr Corbyn's supporters think the extra NEC seats could be used to try and undermine him as the battle for the party's future plays out. They want to postpone the plan. For now, it appears Ms Dugdale will get her way. But it's possible there will be another attempt to scupper the NEC plan tomorrow. In her address to the conference in Liverpool on Monday afternoon, the Scottish Labour leadersaid her party will not support "another austerity budget" in Scotland. The speech is Ms Dugdale's first to conference since the Holyrood elections earlier this year, when Labour fell to third place in terms of the seats it holds in the Scottish parliament, behind the Conservatives. MSPs at Holyrood will be responsible for setting income tax in Scotland from April 2017, but First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has already rejected increasing the basic rate for the five year lifetime of the parliament, as well as ruling out upping the top rate in the first year. Ms Dugdale said her party would "place amendments to introduce a 50p tax on those earning over £150,000 and to add a penny to income tax to pay for public services" when the Scottish government brings forward its budget for 2017-18. She said: "With the full range of powers the Scottish Parliament now has, the SNP government faces a clear choice. "Accept a Tory budget from Westminster, or go our own way with proposals to grow the Scottish economy and protect our schools and hospitals. "If the SNP minority government do not accept these proposals, and try to force another austerity budget through Holyrood, we will vote against it. "If they want support, they'll need to look to the Tories for that. Labour will not help the SNP pass an austerity budget." Ms Dugdale also attacked Ms Sturgeon over her stance on independence, saying Scottish Labour would not support a second referendum during the current Holyrood term. She said: "We do not need the risk and uncertainty of another independence referendum. "As we face negotiations on our membership of the EU and real threats to the future of our public services, we cannot afford our government to take their eye off the ball. "With so many challenges facing Scotland in the future, we should not return to the divisions of the past. "My message to Nicola Sturgeon is this: first minister, our country is already divided enough. Do not divide us again."
More than 300 male evacuees have been held for screening after leaving the Old City under an agreed ceasefire. Talal Barazi, governor of Homs, says 111 men have been questioned and released, while 190 others are still being held. More than 1,100 people have fled the city since Friday under a truce. Aid organisations in Syria had hoped to evacuate more civilians on Tuesday after the ceasefire was extended by three days, but the operation was delayed by a day due to logistical reasons. "The evacuation of civilians and delivery of food aid will continue tomorrow morning,"  the regional governor told the AFP news agency. A truce agreed until Wednesday night could be extended if necessary, he added. The UN human rights office says it is "deeply concerned" that boys and men were seized as they left the besieged area. "It is essential that they do not come to any harm," said Rupert Colville, spokesman for the UN commissioner for Human Rights. "We will continue to press for their proper treatment according to the international humanitarian and human rights law." Melissa Fleming, spokeswoman for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), said detainees were being held at an abandoned school. "We are monitoring the situation. We are definitely taking account of the number there and who is there," she said. Meanwhile, face-to-face negotiations between Syrian government and opposition delegations in Geneva have been adjourned for the day. A second round of peace talks was held on Monday with separate meetings between UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi and the two sides. "The beginning of this week is as laborious as it was in the first week. We are not making much progress," he told a news conference at the United Nations headquarters. The first round ended last month with no firm agreements and both sides trading insults. The opposition wants the government to commit in writing to the 2012 Geneva Communique, which called for the formation of a transitional administration with full executive authority. President Bashar al-Assad's government has ruled out any transfer of power. On the ground, efforts to evacuate hundreds more women, children and elderly people from Homs, which has been under siege for 18 months, were temporarily halted on Tuesday for logistical reasons. More than 450 civilians left on Monday, amid mortar fire and shooting. The BBC's Lyse Doucet, who is in Homs, said it was not expected that so many young men would try to leave. So their fate is being scrutinised very closely, our correspondent adds. She was at a press conference on Tuesday where the Homs governor gave the latest figures on how many detainees had been released. He said he expected around 80% of those held would be let free. Matthew Hollingworth, Syria director for the UN's World Food Programme, told the BBC "the floodgates have opened" as many more people try to leave. "The levels of destitution inside the Old City are like nothing I've ever seen before," he said. "People are living in tunnels underground, moving between shells of buildings to find roots to eat - there has been little food for many, many months now." UN aid chief Valerie Amos welcomed the extension of a three-day truce on Monday. Desperation of Palestinian refugees But she also confirmed that 11 people were killed after the relief operation was "deliberately targeted". It is unclear who was responsible for the attack. She said that many of those who had left the city so far appeared traumatised and weak after enduring many months of siege. Writing in the UK's Independent newspaper, UK Foreign Secretary William Hague warned that the Srebrenica massacre of 1995 - when more than 8,000 men and boys were killed in a Bosnian town - could be repeated in the Old City of Homs. He said it was time to "turn up the heat" on the Syrian government. However, Russia and China failed to attend a meeting in New York to discuss a new UN Security Council resolution calling for greater access for humanitarian aid on Monday. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has dismissed the draft resolution as one-sided and "detached from reality", according to Interfax news agency. Syria's civil conflict has claimed more than 100,000 lives since 2011 and has driven 9.5 million people from their homes.
Danni Jordan found the net for the Welsh with just a minute to go, to make the final score 2-1 in Glasgow in the final Test of the series. Phoebe Richard had equalised just before half-time in a hard-fought encounter after Fiona Burnet had opened the scoring for the hosts. Wales take the series 3-0 after beating Scotland 2-1 and 1-0 previously. The dramatic series win was a fitting way for defender Tina Evans to celebrate winning her 100th cap for Wales. "We're absolutely thrilled considering Scotland are ranked considerably higher than us in the world rankings," Evans said. "We knew it was going to be a really difficult test for us but we're really pleased with how we've performed in getting three really good results. "We came here with high expectations and probably exceed them but we're delighted with the performances and the results we've got. "It was a really special day and it was really amazing to captain today and for the girls to come in and put in that huge amount of effort makes me really chuffed and excited for what the future holds." Wales are currently ranked 26th in the world and are preparing for the European Championships in Cardiff in August, so will relish an important series win over 17th-ranked Scotland. Find out how to get into hockey with our special guide.
Last year Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service attended 37 incidents, compared with 16 in 2014 /2015. The service is now carrying out special training sessions using a 28 stone (179kg) dummy. Figures obtained by the BBC show a rise in "bariatric rescues" from four assistance requests in 2011/12. More on this and other Lincolnshire stories. The type of rescues logged by the fire service included removing bedroom doors and banisters, to using lifting equipment to help patients from their homes into ambulances. Spencer Creek, technical response manger for the service said that more than 60 firefighters had taken the specialist training course. "What we are looking at now is how the guys practically deal with the weight of the casualty," he said. "And how do we deal with it in a number of different scenarios." As well as the training, the service has invested in specialist equipment including, inflatable chairs and strengthened stretchers at the cost of Â£3,000 per fire engine. East Midlands Ambulance Service has equipped all its ambulances with stretchers capable of holding patients weighing up to 30 stones (190kg).
Hansons Auctioneers said the Gibson UB3 banjolele is expected to attract worldwide interest at the sale on 30 June, in Etwall, Derbyshire. In 2008, another George Formby banjo ukulele sold for for £72,000 at auction to Queen's Brian May. In 1936, the BBC banned Formby's song The Window Cleaner for being smutty. John Croft, former president of the George Formby Society and ukulele expert, said: "There is huge interest in this instrument. George Formby has fans all over the world - young and old." Mr Croft, from Llanyblodwel, Shropshire, added it was a "wonderful piece of social history". "In his heyday in the late 1930s, George Formby earned more than three top Hollywood stars put together - Errol Flynn, Douglas Fairbanks and Clark Gable. "And we should never forget Formby's contribution to boosting morale among the troops during World War Two. "He and his wife Beryl flew out to dangerous war zones, including El Alamein. This country owes a great deal to them both. "I hope the instrument stays in the UK but the most important thing is that it is loved and played." This banjolele was originally purchased by Bill Logan, the first president of the George Formby Society. Who was George Formby? He was born George Hoy Booth on 26 May 1904, in Wigan and was the eldest of seven children The actor, singer-songwriter and comedian's show business career started in 1921 and lasted 40 years until his death in 1961 He was famous for playing the banjolele and by 1939 was the most popular and highest paid entertainer in the British Isles - he was estimated to be earning more than £100,000 a year Formby appeared in 21 films, made more than 230 records, entertained on stage hundreds of times, performed twice by royal command and entertained an estimated three million allied servicemen and women during World War Two In 1960, Formby made his last record, Happy Go Lucky Me, and in December that year made what was his final television programme, The Friday Show George Formby Society Charles Hanson, owner of Hansons Auctioneers, said: "This is such a rare opportunity. This was one of George Formby's favourite banjoleles and the chance to own and play it is very special. This instrument is a priceless treasure for Formby fans." Formby was said to have owned three Gibson UB3 models.
Hollywood actress Glenn Close stars in the musical, which opened on Monday evening at London's Coliseum theatre. Writing in The Guardian, Michael Billington said the new production had given the show "a new lease of life". "Close delivers the big lines not with a camp flourish but as if they were sincerely felt," he said. Billington noted that the show had "none of the epic scale of the original London production" but added this was to the producers' credit: "Sometimes semi-staged is better than the luxurious grandeur of an elephantine West End musical." Glenn Close is reprising the role of Norma Desmond, a character she first played in Los Angeles in 1993. She won a Tony award for her Broadway performance in 1995. Holly Williams from theatre website WhatsOnStage said: "It might be 20 years since she bagged a Tony in this part, but I wouldn't bet against her scooping a few shiny new gongs this time round." However, some critics did note that Close's voice occasionally struggled with the higher notes. "[Close's] vocal instrument may not be as sharp as it once was, but she brings an utterly ferocious intensity to the part and the songs," Mark Shenton wrote in his review for The Stage. Time Out also had some criticisms of the production: "Like many later Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals, Sunset Boulevard is not brilliant." Andrzej Lukowski added that "69-year-old Close is definitely a bit old to play 50-year-old silent movie star Norma Desmond". Rod McPhee, writing in The Daily Mirror, said Close "masterfully belts out the show's biggest numbers, and earned rapturous applause as a result. Her first musical in London's West End proves that she's far from a fading star." Sunset Boulevard tells the story of a Hollywood writer named Joe (played in the new production by Michael Xavier), who is being chased by mob creditors. Joe seeks refuge in a Los Angeles mansion, only to discover it is already being inhabited by Norma Desmond, a wealthy but forgotten silent movie star. Culture minister Ed Vaizey attended Monday evening's performance, tweeting: "Absolutely wonderful. Glenn Close gives the performance of a lifetime. One of the best things I have seen." Speaking to the BBC after she came off stage on Monday evening, Close said: "Norma Desmond is one of the best parts ever written for a woman." "It's a phenomenal show, it's such an exciting journey and it has been the best adventure. I feel so lucky. I am on such an emotional high, I've never had this kind of response."
Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif dismissed them as "failed lies". He claimed they were published "just in time" for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conference, which took place earlier this week. On Wednesday, Israel's military said it had found the rockets on a ship it seized in the Red Sea off Sudan. The Klos-C, a Panamanian-flagged vessel, is currently being escorted to the southern Israeli port of Eilat, and is expected to arrive on Saturday. Its 17-member crew were apparently unaware of their cargo. The Klos-C was transporting dozens of M-302 rockets, which have a range of 150km to 200km (93-124 miles), Israeli military spokesman Brig-Gen Moti Almoz said. "The ship may be carrying other weapons as well, but we can only know this when it reaches Eilat." "There is clear and unequivocal information that this came from Iran." On Wednesday, the Israeli military said it had tracked the weapons for several months as they were flown from Damascus to Tehran and then taken to a port in southern Iran. From there, it added, they were loaded on to the KLOS-C, which sailed to Iraq, where containers of cement were added. The ship was eventually intercepted while on its way to Sudan. On Thursday, Mr Zarif rejected the allegations and questioned why they had surfaced just after the conference a pro-Israel US lobby group. "An Iranian ship carrying arms for Gaza," he wrote on Twitter. "Captured just in time for annual AIPAC anti-Iran campaign. Amazing Coincidence! Or same failed lies." A spokesman for Hamas, the militant Palestinian Islamist movement that governs Gaza, said they were a "silly joke". Israel has long accused Iran of arming groups such as Hamas. More than 60 rockets fired from the Gaza Strip have hit Israel since the start of last year, Israel says. Hamas denies that it has fired any rockets since a 2012 ceasefire agreement with Israel, with other Gaza-based groups claiming responsibility. However, Israel says it hold Hamas responsible for any attacks from Gaza and has repeatedly launched deadly air strikes. During a visit to California on Wednesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the discovery of the shipment had revealed "the true face of Iran" to world powers attempting to negotiate a comprehensive agreement on its controversial nuclear programme. "Iran has been exposed for what it is," he told reporters. "It smiles in the Geneva talks about its own nuclear ambitions, gives soothing words, and as they're doing that, they're shipping these deadly weapons to the world's worst terrorists." In a speech at the AIPAC conference on Tuesday, Mr Netanyahu had reiterated his unhappiness with the prospect of a long-term deal that would allow Iran to continue enriching uranium and engaging in other activities that might allow it to develop nuclear weapons. At a news conference in Jakarta on Thursday, Mr Zarif insisted that Iran's nuclear programme was solely for peaceful purposes. "I do not believe dismantling of this programme is helpful to the cause of non-proliferation because Iran has technology, Iran has the scientists, Iran has the capability," he said. "So the best way to ensure that these scientists, and the technology, and the capability, and the workshop are designed only for peaceful purposes and used exclusively for peaceful purposes is to have them out in the open under international monitoring," Iran's foreign minister added.
Zaur Dadayev shot the former deputy prime minister, a vocal critic of President Vladimir Putin, in February 2015 near the Kremlin. Four others acted as accomplices. The group were allegedly promised $250,000 (Â£192,000) to kill Nemtsov. They all denied the charges. Nemtsov's relatives fear that whoever ordered the murder will never be found. Russian authorities are still looking for another Chechen said to be behind the killing, Ruslan Mukhudinov. He believed to have fled abroad. But lawyers for Nemtsov's family have said the investigators have exaggerated Mr Mukhudinov's role and "the masterminds are high-ranking people". The jury in Moscow convicted the five men after more than eight months of hearings. Zaur Dadayev is former member of an elite military unit. He was under the command of pro-Moscow's Ramzan Kadyrov, the head of Russia's Chechen Republic in the North Caucasus. The other four defendants are brothers Anzor Gubashev and Shadid Gubashev, Khamzat Bakhayev and Tamerlan Eskerkhanov. A sixth man, Beslan Shabanov, died while he was being detained in Chechnya. Nemtsov served as first deputy prime minister under President Boris Yeltsin in the 1990s, and later became a vocal critic of President Putin. The 55-year-old was shot dead on 27 February 2015 on his way from a restaurant in central Moscow. Earlier that day he was interviewed on a liberal radio station, in which he had called on listeners to join a rally. At the time, Nemtsov was working on a report examining Russia's alleged role in the conflict in Ukraine. President Putin called the murder "vile and cynical" and vowed to hold those responsible to account. Russia has seen several killings of high-profile politicians and journalists in recent years. But the country has a long history of prosecuting alleged hit-men and failing to follow the chain of command to discover who ordered the murder, correspondents say. It took the 12 jury members more than 12 hours to reach their verdict. They spent it in a closed room in one corner of the military courthouse with a guard posted outside the window. But when they finally filed back into court, it was to pronounce every one of the accused guilty. In each case they ruled by a clear majority. Standing opposite them inside a glass cage, surrounded by armed police and a Rottweiler, the men from Chechnya listened in silence, looking relaxed and even smiling as they had for much of this trial. There was speculation that one of the accused, Khamzat Bakhayev, might be acquitted for lack of evidence. When the jury found him guilty too, his wife burst into tears. But outside, lawyers representing Boris Nemtsov's family said they believe the trail of evidence leads to senior figures within Chechnya, loyal to Vladimir Putin. They've vowed to go on pushing until they uncover who actually ordered Boris Nemtsov killed, and why.
The Chelsea skipper is alleged to have made racist comments towards Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand in a league match on 23 October 2011. A not guilty plea was entered on Mr Terry's behalf at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday. He will now stand trial on 9 July, nine days after Euro 2012. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said Mr Terry, 31, is accused of a racially-aggravated public order offence. Following Wednesday's hearing, the footballer's legal team said in a statement: "Mr Terry looks forward to the opportunity to clear his name. By Dan RoanBBC Sports News Correspondent The fact that Terry will not stand trial until July means he is now free to lead England into the European Championship, the Football Association, along with Chelsea, having made clear it will not suspend him. However, it also means these serious charges will hang over him for a further five months. Terry says he does not wish to talk about the case, but you can be sure he will be asked. Some will worry about the effect this uncertainty will have over on his performances in the summer and the England team's morale. "Mr Terry denies making any racist statement and will establish in court that he is not guilty of any such offence. "Mr Terry has never racially abused another player in his entire career.'' Police questioned Mr Terry under caution in November and a file on the matter was sent to the CPS at the beginning of December. The decision to charge Mr Terry was taken after police received a complaint from a member of the public after the Premier League match at Loftus Road. The maximum sentence for the offence is a fine of £2,500. As a summary offence under the Crime and Disorder Act, it will be fully heard in a magistrates' court.
At one point the drone was just 30m (100ft) from the plane which had to take evasive action to avoid a collision, officials said. A navy spokesman accused the Iranians of behaving in an "unsafe and unprofessional" manner. Tensions between the countries are high with the Gulf a potential flashpoint. US Naval Forces Central Command spokesman Commander Bill Urban said the incident happened in international air space as an F/A-18E Super Hornet was preparing to land on the USS Nimitz. Despite radio warnings to stay clear of the carrier, the drone carried out "unsafe and unprofessional" altitude changes near the jet, he said. "The dangerous manoeuvre by the QOM-1 [drone] in the known vicinity of fixed-wing flight operations and at coincident altitude with operating aircraft created a collision hazard and is not in keeping with international maritime customs and laws," Cdr Urban said. The incident is the latest in a series of close encounters in the Gulf between US and Iranian forces. In July, a US Navy ship fired warning shots at an Iranian Revolutionary Guard vessel after it came within 140m (450ft) and ignored radio calls. In January, a US destroyer fired three warning shots when Iranian fast-attack vessels approached at high speed in the Strait of Hormuz.
Researchers found residues of potassium bromate and potassium iodate in 84% of the samples collected from Delhi. The chemicals are banned in many countries, but India continues to allow their use in bakeries. The All India Bread Manufacturers' Association said the chemicals were "considered safe". Health Minister JP Nadda has urged people  not to panic and to wait for his ministry's report on the issue. "I have told my officials to report to me on an urgent basis. There is no need to panic. Very soon we will come out with the [inquiry] report," he said. Delhi-based environmental think-tank Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) said in its report that it had collected 38 bread and bakery samples from retail stores, bakeries and fast-food shops in Delhi for its study. "More than 84% of samples tested were found to contain potassium bromate and/or iodate," it said. The CSE has urged the government to ban the use of these chemicals in bakery products. "Considering that it [potassium bromate] can cause cancer, is banned in most parts of the world, and has healthy alternatives, there is no reason why this chemical should be allowed, specifically when residues are found to be present in the end-product." The CSE said potassium iodate should also be banned because "it can potentially affect the functioning of thyroid". The bread manufacturers' association said it was yet to see the CSE report, but added that the two additives were safe and "widely used in advanced countries like the US". "Food Safety and Standards Authority of India's regulations permit the use of potassium bromate and/or potassium iodate at 50 ppm max for bread and at 20 ppm max for bakery purpose," the association said in a statement.
The celebrated singer, who died in January aged 69, is joined by Adele, Calvin Harris, Coldplay and Jess Glynne on the five-strong shortlist. Adele was named British artist of the year in 2015, one of the two awards she won at last year's event. This year's awards, to be broadcast live on BBC One, will be held at the ExCel in London on 12 December. Bowie's nomination follows his surprise omission from the album of the year shortlist announced last month. Blackstar, his final release, had been tipped for inclusion but was shut out by Rick Astley's 50, Adele's 25 and three other titles. Kaiser Chiefs, Craig David, John Legend and Robbie Williams are among the performers at this year's ceremony. It was announced last week that pop singer Izzy Bizu will be crowned BBC Introducing artist of the year at the event. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
A BBC investigation reveals Southampton docks does not monitor its air pollution rates, despite the city being among the most polluted in the UK. Southampton City Council estimates the port contributes up to 23 per cent of air pollution in the city. Ships can use a "plug-in" system to reduce emissions but not in the UK. It comes after the World Health Organisation (WHO) called Southampton one of the most polluted cities in the UK. The city's port welcomes thousands of ships a year, including some of the biggest cruise liners and container ships in the world. The vessels leave their engines running while docked to power their electrics, but elsewhere in the world ships use a shore-based electricity supply, virtually eliminating their emissions. Cargo and cruise ships, including the Queen Mary 2 and Britannia which regularly dock in Southampton, use the method - just not when visiting the British port. Port Director Alastair Welch from ABP said: "The challenge has been in particular there is no one standard for shore power. I'd like it in place as soon as possible. "I should emphasise shore power is not the only answer and that's why we're working with solar power and hybrid ships now, because all of them have a part to play for the future." A review of Air Quality in Southampton in 2015 by the local authority showed the port is believed to contribute between seven and 23 per cent of the air pollution, while cars contribute 18 per cent and HGVs 12 per cent. The government has since told Southampton to implement clean air zones by 2020 and the council is implementing a Clean Air Strategy to meet national goals.
"Had I been president, Captain Khan would be alive today. We wouldn't have been in this horrible, horrible mistake, the war in Iraq," he said. The soldier's father, Khizr Khan, said it was a "cruel" remark. He is campaigning for Hillary Clinton, who is making her first appearance with First Lady Michelle Obama. The two shared a stage at Winston-Salem in North Carolina. Introducing Mrs Obama, the former first lady said her voice was needed in this election "more than ever". Mrs Clinton referred to Mr Trump's ongoing feud with the Khans and accused him of "rubbing salt into the wounds of a grieving family". Mr Khan's son Humayun was killed by a car bomb in 2004 in Iraq at the age of 27. Their grief became part of the presidential campaign in July when Khizr Khan made an emotional speech at the Democratic Convention attacking Mr Trump for anti-Muslim rhetoric, as his wife stood next to him. The Republican candidate's reaction, in which he implied the mother was not allowed to speak up, attracted strong condemnation from within his own party. Speaking to ABC News in an interview aired on Thursday, Mr Trump repeated his insistence that their son would be alive, but added he believed the soldier was a "great hero". In response, Mr Khan said: "This is the most cruel thing you can say to grieving parents, that if I was there this would not have happened." In other campaign developments: Former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh tweeted: "On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?" He later said he was speaking metaphorically about "acts of civil disobedience". Mrs Clinton's campaign is dealing with more questions arising from hacked emails published by Wikileaks. The Trump campaign has seized on the latest dump to suggest the line between Bill Clinton's personal income and the donations for the Clinton Foundation has been blurred. Doug Band, a top aide to Mr Clinton, said in an email that he had solicited donations to the foundation and also generated personal income for him through gifts and paid speeches. Who will win? Play our game to make your call
The taskforce was appointed by the Social Development Minister Nelson McCausland. It was asked to examine the impact of negative equity and repossessions. The taskforce has warned that the number of people falling behind on their mortgage payments could increase as interest rates begin to rise. The taskforce is now undertaking further work aimed at developing policy recommendations. Northern Ireland suffered a huge housing bubble followed by a crash that saw prices fall by almost 50%. As a consequence, rates of negative equity are much worse than elsewhere in the UK and repossessions have also increased. A major "at risk" group identified by the taskforce are households who undertook "equity release" remortgages at the height of the market. They are people who increased their mortgages to release cash for other purposes, such as home improvements or to finance buy-to-let properties. In 2007, 74% of remortgaging in Northern Ireland was for equity release. The taskforce said this category of "credit hungry" borrower was disproportionately active in Northern Ireland. Lower income groups who took out "second charge" mortgages with subprime lenders are also at high-risk. The taskforce said those lenders have shown "a more tenacious approach to arrears management". However, it said, in general, lenders have shown "forbearance" and if they had not done so rates of repossessions would be higher. The taskforce warned that, despite a gradual recovery in the Northern Ireland economy and the housing market, major risks remain. It said that the Northern Ireland economy "remains some distance from reaching escape velocity"' and that borrowers are "poorly equipped to absorb future income shocks".
Borge helped to create the Sandinista National Liberation Front in 1961. In 1979, the Sandinista revolution overthrew dictator Anastasio Somoza and Borge served as interior minister in the new government of Daniel Ortega. US President Ronald Reagan saw the revolutionaries as a threat and backed the right-wing Contras in the civil war that followed. An estimated 30,000 people died in the fighting which lasted a decade and wrecked the country's economy. Borge was born into a poor family and dedicated himself to the struggle against the Somoza family, which had run Nicaragua for 40 years. He received military training in Cuba before he helped to found the Sandinista movement. The organisation was named after Augusto Cesar Sandino, who fought against US intervention in Nicaragua in the 1930s. Borge became the powerful interior minister in the Ortega government of the 1980s, where he imposed censorship on the media and was accused of human rights violations. However, he denied accusations that he was responsible for expelling and harassing clergymen during the war. The Sandinistas were voted out of power in 1990. Congressman Jacinto Suarez was quoted by the Associated Press news agency as saying Borge was "a transcendental figure in Nicaraguan history". But the news agency also quoted Nicaraguan writer Gioconda Belli, who said of Borge's later life: "After 1990, I have the sense he gave up his revolutionary ideas... He ended up a tragic-comic figure". Borge's final years saw Daniel Ortega return to government - he won presidential elections in 2006 and again in 2011. Borge was admitted to hospital earlier this month for a lung infection and underwent surgery.
From star players to influential club legends, the 62-year-old Dutchman has made a few enemies during his 42 years in football, the past 23 of those coaching some of Europe's leading clubs and the Netherlands national team whom he led to third place at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. During his first news conference at Old Trafford, Van Gaal insisted he was more "democrat" than autocrat, extolling his "strong personality" - a trait, he reminded his audience, he shares with former United boss Sir Alex Ferguson. But why does Van Gaal come to English football with such a fearsome reputation? BBC Sport gets the inside story on his biggest bust-ups. The time he was told he was too slow Louis van Gaal never lacked confidence and his strong personality was there, even as a player. He made his name as a midfielder with the Royal FC Antwerp, under Guy Thys, the legendary Belgian coach. "I was annoyed that he did not always play me," Van Gaal later recalled. "I was one of four foreigners and he could only play three in those days. Thys reckoned I lacked pace.'' Thys said: "He'd come up to me and ask me why I did not play him. 'Boss, I am the best player, aren't I?' And then I would tell him he was not. He could not believe that. "I do admit he had by far the strongest personality of all the players I have come across. But, sorry to say, he was slow… " One of Van Gaal's best performances came in a 4-1 victory over Aston Villa in the home leg of the Uefa Cup tie in 1975. "That day against Villa he was absolutely brilliant," Thys remembered. "For the return match he asked how he should play. I said: 'Like you normally do, slowly.' "I remember that conversation well. He could not see the funny side of my answer.  But we needed to take the pace out of the game. And it worked. We beat them in Birmingham 1-0. And Louis was fantastic again. He never played such a brilliant game again.'' Van Gaal was infuriated by Thys's negative approach to the second leg. He felt Antwerp should have kept attacking. "I had respect for him as a person, but I did not rate him as a coach," Van Gaal said. "Probably because he put me on the bench too often. I reckoned I should play. He did not.'' Van Gaal was so unhappy in Belgium football he wanted to leave. "I wrote 80 letters to get a job elsewhere. I only got one or two replies, but I did get my move," he said. "Thys threatened to stop me from leaving by demanding a big transfer fee. So I said, do what you like, but I will take my old job of PE teacher again, if you do that. No sweat at all. So they let me go.'' The time Rivaldo wanted to change position In 1999 Van Gaal was in charge of Barcelona and Rivaldo was at the peak of his powers.  The brilliant Brazilian inspired Van Gaal's side to their second consecutive La Liga title from out on the left wing, collecting the Fifa World Player of the Year award in the process. Boudewijn Zenden, who was with Barca at the time, recently recalled what happened next: "Rivaldo thought he was better off playing behind the strikers, so when he won the Golden Ball he just said to Van Gaal: 'I don't want to play on the left anymore. I want to play behind the strikers.' Van Gaal said: 'Right. that's your decision' and he sat on the bench - because only the manager decided where he would play." Although he quickly got back into the team, Rivaldo only scored 12 league goals that season - down from 24 the previous campaign - and Van Gaal left after Barca failed to retain the La Liga title. His departure was celebrated by the media, who had disapproved of his stance with Rivaldo and also disliked Van Gaal for his aggressive attitude towards them and failure to fully learn either Spanish or Catalan. Upon his departure, Van Gaal famously announced to the media: "Friends of the press, I am leaving. Congratulations." The (many) times he has clashed with Johan Cruyff The Dutch nation can be divided in two halves in terms of their loyalties - pro-Cruyff and pro-Van Gaal.  The two men have never got on. They are opposites: Cruyff, the world-class player who naturally became a manager. Van Gaal, the ordinary player with an academic background who became a world-class manager. The annoying thing for Cruyff was that Van Gaal followed him to the two biggest loves of his life, Ajax and Barcelona, and was successful at both. In his autobiography, Van Gaal alleges the feud began in 1989 when he hurriedly left a dinner at Cruyff's house without thanking his host for the meal after receiving a phone call informing him of the death of his sister - a claim rejected by Cruyff. A decade later, Van Gaal felt that Cruyff undermined his managerial stint at the Nou Camp by repeated criticisms in the Catalan press, with Van Gaal bitterly noting: "I will never forgive what he did." Their enmity simmered for years, not helped by Cruyff's observations that Van Gaal has "one or two screws loose in his head", but it reached new depths in 2011, when Cruyff took the extraordinary step of going to court to prevent Ajax from appointing Van Gaal as their new chief executive. Cruyff was one of five members of Ajax's advisory panel and the only one who didn't want Van Gaal - so the other four went behind his back to appoint him anyway. Cruyff was furious, took the legal route and was eventually successful as the court ruled in his favour, overturning the appointment. Van Gaal said: "Of course it hurt. People forget that Ajax is also part of my life.'' The time he showed Mark van Bommel the door When Van Gaal arrived at Bayern Munich in the summer of 2009, Mark van Bommel - his captain and compatriot - was one of the most important players as the club won the domestic double in Van Gaal's first season. But in the winter break of the following season, Bayern bought Hoffenheim's 23-year-old Brazilian Luiz Gustavo for £13m. Gustavo was one of the rising Bundesliga midfielders... and 10 years van Bommel's junior. Van Gaal told van Bommel in person he was no longer his captain, adding that his future competitors would also be Andreas Ottl, Anatoliy Timoschtschuk and Danijel Pranjic. Van Bommel was furious and Bayern watchers mystified. Nobody played the role of central defensive midfielder better than Van Bommel and the comparisons seemed insulting. But Van Gaal wanted to make his team younger and to strengthen his position in the club by getting rid of one of their most important players. It was also said he feared that Van Bommel, who was good friends with Arjen Robben and Bastian Schweinsteiger, was becoming too powerful. The German press saw it as an egocentric way of making it clear who was in charge, but Van Gaal was unrepentant, saying: "It is normal that the relationship crashes when a manager does not pick a certain player any more. A manager has the right to do it. Mark was very angry with me. But I did not decide whether he should leave or not." By the end of that month Van Bommel had joined AC Milan. When Luca Toni got an ear-bashing at the dinner table The Italian international Luca Toni was a big hero at Bayern when Van Gaal arrived, having won the double playing alongside Franck Ribery under Ottmar Hitzfeld in his first season and scored 38 goals in 56 Bundesliga games across two campaigns. But from their first days together, Toni and Van Gaal had a terrible relationship. In one training camp the Dutch coach was unhappy with Toni's manners when the team assembled for meetings and meals. One day Toni, a tall man, was slouching on his chair during dinner, as if he were watching TV on a sofa. Van Gaal went behind Toni's chair and pulled his ears to make him sit up straight. For a proud Italian this was a humiliation. "The way Van Gaal treated the key players was unworthy on a human basis," Toni later reflected. In September 2009, Van Gaal forced Toni to play two matches for FC Bayern II, their amateur team in Germany's third division, while he was recovering from an Achilles tendon injury. The match was watched by about 2,000 fans as the 2006 World Cup winner stumbled on the bumpy ground at the old stadium. Van Gaal, though something of a showman himself, could not stand Toni's playboy image, with the Italian frequently portrayed as Bayern's "beau". The coach also felt Toni lacked discipline and fined the Italian in November 2009 when he left the stadium at half-time, having been substituted during a match against Schalke. The time he dropped his pants Van Gaal revelled in his reputation as fearlessly belligerent and at Bayern went to extreme lengths to prove it. "Van Gaal wanted to make clear to us that he can drop any player from the team," Luca Toni revealed later. "It was all the same to him because, as he said, he had the balls. He demonstrated this literally by dropping his pants. I have never experienced anything like it, it was totally crazy. Luckily I didn't see a lot, because I wasn't in the front row." The time he insulted his Bayern bosses In October 2010 Van Gaal invited Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and Uli Hoeness, two senior members of the Bayern hierarchy, to the launch of his new book, Biographie & Vision, in a Munich hotel. It should have been a convivial moment, especially as Hoeness had written the book's foreword. However, Bayern were experiencing their worst ever start to the season at the time and were 13 points from the top of the league, which made it all the stranger when the ever-confident Van Gaal gave them a copy, saying: "You can learn from it. It is important that you read it." His bosses looked on angrily but not did say anything. Realising what had happened, he said afterwards: "Maybe I will get fined for it, but I don't think so." He did not get fined but many date the rift between him and the club to this moment and he was sacked six months later. Media playback is not supported on this device The time the 'ultimate professional' won him round Not all of Van Gaal's clashes have a bitter end. When he took over as Dutch coach for the second time after the team's disastrous performances at Euro 2012, the atmosphere among the Dutch players was so bad that the first thing Van Gaal did after his appointment was to bring them together in a luxurious hotel room in the village of Noordwijk on the Dutch coast, close to where he lives in a big penthouse. He asked for their views on the 2012 Euro finals. Most gave theirs but Van Persie remained silent because, Van Gaal later discovered, he did not want to criticise anyone by speaking out. "I saw that as a negative attitude," Van Gaal said, "so I declared that from that day on Klaas-Jan Huntelaar would be my number one striker and Robin had to accept a role on the bench.'' The first game of Van Gaal's second stint as coach was against Belgium, ironically the night Van Persie's transfer to Manchester United was confirmed. He stayed on the bench for the whole 90 minutes, but did not complain. When asked if he regretted Van Gaal's appointment, the forward said: "Not at all. From what I have seen in the first few days, he has all the qualities of a fabulous manager. I say that despite the fact he has put me on the bench.'' Media playback is not supported on this device Van Gaal, who had expected Van Persie to react negatively,  was amazed by the "professional attitude and spirit" of his striker. "I had to admit later that I really did not know the person behind the player, Van Persie in 2012. I knew certain players shared my football philosophy. About Robin I knew nothing. "I had to get to know him. But when I did, I soon realised he was an amazing professional. He was the ultimate pro. And also important for me was that he was very social towards the other players in the squad. "He showed leadership - and this is why 10 months later I made him captain of the Dutch team. He deserved that. He completely shares my vision on football.'' Additional reporting from Andy West, Patrick Strasser and Marcel van der Kraan.
Tess Newall, who had worn her great-great grandmother's dress at her wedding in June, posted a plea on Facebook to help find it, which was shared more than 300,000 times. Luckily her dress was found but what is the appeal for brides of choosing a dress once worn by a relative? Three women explained why they had ditched trawling the bridal shops for the perfect dress in favour of a borrowed gown. Kate Ridgway, from Stockport, made the decision to wear her grandmother's wedding dress in 2014. "I remember it from when I was a child," said the 27-year-old. "I always knew nan had kept it and I tried it on for dressing up, but back then I thought it was a horrid lacy thing." However, when she got engaged to her now-husband Stu, Joan Chatfield, known as "Nanny Chat", asked if she would like to wear it on her big day. "I was heavily pregnant at the time, so I couldn't try it on," said Kate. "But she had always wanted me to wear it." Then, three days after Kate's eldest son was born, her nan passed away. When she travelled down to Sussex for the funeral, her mother handed her the box with the vintage wedding dress from 1951, and everything fell into place. "When I tried it on, it fitted perfectly," she said. "I had it cleaned but I didn't have to do anything else to it. "I had tried on brand new wedding dresses and I had fallen in love with one, but this felt different and so special. "It meant so much to us as a family for me to wear it and, as you can imagine, it made for a very emotional day." London-based digital designer Emily Clark also hopes to start a tradition of her own by using her mother's frock for her wedding this October. The 33-year-old said her mother's dress, which was first worn in 1980, had played a big part in her childhood. "I used to dress in my mum's wedding dress from the age of five or six to - if I'm truthful - until I was 15. "It's one of a kind, it's a dress you wouldn't be able to find now and you wouldn't be able to replicate." The dress was bought by her grandfather, who died last year. She said the dress would act as a way of commemorating him at her wedding to fiance Andrew Stewart. The dress is currently being altered, and when she heard that Mrs Newall's had gone missing at the dry cleaners she says she "did panic". She added: "I just think it's wonderful that they've had it returned." For Rachel Cohen, from Edinburgh, the discovery of her grandmother's dress in the loft spurred on the idea to go retro. "I knew there were dresses up there amongst a lot of random stuff," she said. "I even found one dress which much have been from a previous generation, but it just couldn't have been worn." However, the one Granny Marie Waterston wore in the 1930s was in superb condition and perfect for Rachel's special day. "I had never been the type of person to dream of a big white dress, so when I found it, packed away all neat and tidy in a box, I had the idea to wear it," she said. "I had to cut the sleeves off as she had such tiny hands, but otherwise it was the same." Having her grandmother's dress meant a lot to Rachel when she married in 2009. "My mother died when I was young and I looked after my grandmother when she was old, so we had a close relationship," said Rachel. "It was special to have her dress there, even when she couldn't be." While those three brides opted for the personal touch with their dresses, they join growing numbers of people choosing vintage items more generally. Louise Croft, ethical fashion blogger at PaupertoPrincess.com - who will be wearing a 1940s gown for her wedding later this year - said going vintage had many benefits, from following fashion cycles to stopping garments ending up in landfills. She said the growth of online sharing had also led to brides wanting to stand out even more, and going down the classic route often means the dress is one of a kind. "It feels like giving a precious piece of history a moment in the limelight rather than it being in a museum or attic," added Louise. "Of course, you always wonder what tales and secrets it holds and if it's from a family member then you are lucky enough to also have all these answers." Kat Williams, editor of Rock 'n Roll Bride, said although dresses have been passed down for many years, a lot more people were putting their own touches to them. "We had one woman in the magazine who wore her grandmother's dress and customised it all to make it more modern," she said. "She shortened it, added a big petticoat and made it more fitted. "It looked great but offered that little bit of family history too. "Even if you buy a dress from a vintage shop, it means you won't see lots of other brides wearing the same thing and a bride wants to feel unique."
Myles Bradbury has lodged an appeal against a 22-year jail sentence imposed last December. He admitted abusing 18 children at Addenbrooke's in Cambridge between 2009 and 2013. The mother of the 11-year-old abused when he was kept on as a patient told the BBC Bradbury should never be freed. Bradbury, 41, from Herringswell in Suffolk, was jailed at Cambridge Crown Court for sexual assault, voyeurism and possessing more than 16,000 indecent images. The court heard the images of his victims were taken in the hospital. Victims told investigators Bradbury had focused on examining their private parts when there was no medical need to do so. The child, who is now 13, was referred to Bradbury because his older sister had a blood disorder and it was feared he might have the same condition. But, his mother said, there was nothing wrong with him. Instead of discharging him from his patient list, Bradbury continued seeing and abusing the boy for a year. The boy is currently on heavy medication to deal with the mental effects of his abuse. His mother said she did not know how Bradbury could appeal. She said: "He is in prison now, probably doing his crafts or whatever. We are suffering every day. "He does not understand the knock-on effect he has had on families." Bradbury's appeal will be heard at the Royal Courts of Justice on 12 June.
Consumer group Which? said nearly half of its members surveyed said such reassurance was most likely to make them see red while hanging on the line. Next on the frustration list was being directed to the company's website, and apologies for all operators being busy. Callers would rather be told how long they would have to wait, Which? found. Many also wanted to know where they were in the queue, and to be given the choice of being called back. Nearly half of those asked said that classical music was the most soothing while waiting. Nine in ten of those asked felt that they were prepared to wait on the line for no longer than five minutes. Richard Headland, editor of Which? magazine, said: "Waiting on hold is a waste of time, but some organisations make the experience needlessly annoying through objectionable messages and music. "If these drive you round the bend, vote with your feet and take your custom elsewhere. The best companies know the value of answering your call quickly." Businesses lining up a queuing strategy Jo Causon, chief executive of the Institute of Customer Service, a trade body, said: "People are time-poor and less likely to be happy waiting for service as a result. It means consumers are less understanding of organisations that do not make it easy to get in touch. "If businesses want to enjoy ongoing customer loyalty - and attract new business - their focus should be on convenience and efficiency. In short, this means getting it right quickly, and getting it right first time. Anything less, and customers will think twice about spending money or recommending them to others." She pointed out that the phone is now consumers' third most popular method for getting in touch with an organisation, behind face-to-face contact and online.
But Good Day Out, in Heol Senni, Powys, gives people the chance to go for a stroll with Kunekune pigs Babz, Holly, Hazel and Willow. Helena Barnard, who runs the walks with Julia Blazer, began after she adopted two pigs and walked them with family. "It's really about getting people closer to nature," she said. They are Kunekune pigs - a New Zealand breed whose name means "fat and round" in Maori. Mrs Barnard and Ms Blazer needed to get a Defra-approved licence and have a vet inspect the routes in order to get the go-ahead. The pigs are not on a leash and wander alongside people, motivated in no small part, by the promise of food. Mrs Barnard was a nurse and a sergeant for Bedfordshire Police and then Dyfed-Powys Police before making the switch to pottering about with pigs and she juggles it with her work as a dance teacher. The duo stared doing the walks in summer 2016 after Mrs Barnard adopted two pigs. She said: "Julia said to me 'if you like walking pigs, then I'm sure other people would do as well'. "There's a thing about walking pigs that's very calming because they walk slowly and happily just jog along with you. "They are very, very social animals and they love human contact."
Having gone behind through Macauley Gillesphey's free-kick after Jason Kennedy had been hauled down, Orient overturned the deficit. Jay Simpson found space to level after half-time, firing into the left corner. Ollie Palmer then streaked clear to put Orient ahead, before Raynes headed in from Alex Gillead's cross to level. The goal denied Kevin Nolan's visitors the chance to go fifth in the table, as they remain seventh, while Carlisle are three points behind in 11th. Leyton Orient player-manager Kevin Nolan told BBC Radio London: "You've got to respect the point, especially when you come to a place like this. "In the end we probably could have snatched it, but if we would have I think (Carlisle manager) Keith Curle would have been equally disappointed. "I'm delighted with the response. Since I've come in we've taken 16 points out of eight games so it's fantastic form and we've got to take positives out of it because we're all disappointed at the moment."
Hardie is expected to start in Gregor Townsend's team having had an injury-interrupted season. Once Scotland's undisputed number seven, he has suffered an awful run of bad luck culminating with the loss of his Test place to Hamish Watson. "I've been unfortunate, but I'm looking to put it behind me and finish the season on a real high," said Hardie. The New Zealand-born back-row, 28, was one of Scotland's stars at the 2015 World Cup, his work-rate and impact at the breakdown catching the eye. He was talked about as one of the players of the tournament, but this season has brought one setback after another. In November, during a bruising Test against Australia, Hardie suffered damage to his ankle and knee, while also suffering a concussion. It took him two months to recover. Following on from that, he was selected to play against Wales in the Six Nations but had to retire after just 24 minutes. Then he appeared as a substitute in the game against France but only lasted five minutes before having to go off injured again. Townsend named Hardie in the starting line-up for his first Test as Scotland coach, against Italy in Singapore, but Hardie suffered a back spasm in the warm-up and had to withdraw. "Everybody gets injuries and everybody has low patches, but rehab is a really good time to look at it as a positive, even though it isn't so much," Hardie told BBC Scotland. "You have to get your body right and get other aspects of your rugby game right. I've had a lot of time to do that. "You can't look at the negative side too much. You'd love to be out there every week with the boys, but that's just the way rugby is sometimes. I'm a really positive person. I've had my fair share of injuries and I know how to overcome them. "It does toughen you mentally, it helps you be more resilient and when you get on the field you realise how important it is. I'd never take anything for granted, but you realise when you get the injuries and you're not playing every week how hard it is. "Hamish is playing some great rugby and I'm really happy for him. He's come on in leaps and bounds in the last year or two and he's getting lots of experience. The competition is healthy. It's bringing out the best in us. "It's a privilege to be in camp and I've got to make the most of it. The boys have built a really good culture across the last two or three years, starting with Vern (Cotter) and now with Gregor, and we're just going to see more special things from this group."
Abigail Klem, president of the US first daughter's eponymous clothing line, says it has seen "some of the best performing weeks" in its history. The reported sales surge comes amid an ongoing boycott targeting business interests of the fashion entrepreneur's father, President Donald Trump. Last month several retailers dropped Ms Trump's label, citing falling sales. In an interview with fashion magazine Refinery29, Ms Klem declined to cite specific sales figures, but research by a market analytics firm seems to support the claim. According to Lyst, a London-based e-commerce website which tracks clothing retail, sales of Ivanka Trump products rocketed in February. It says sales increased 346% from January to February this year and 557%, compared with average orders last year. "To see such an extreme spike in one month is completely unheard of and came as a huge surprise to us," says Lyst's US spokesperson Sarah Tanner. Ms Klem said that most products are sold to women in New York, California and Texas, and the average shopper earns between $60,000-100,000 per year (Â£50,000-Â£82,000). She said the political controversy surrounding President Trump, and the boycott, may have helped his daughter's brand. The reported sales surge comes after Kellyanne Conway, a counsellor to President Trump, was accused of breaking ethics rules by promoting Ivanka Trump products during a live TV interview from the White House. The first daughter's perfume is currently highest ranked on Amazon.com, with many shoppers leaving pro-Trump comments. "I bought this without knowing what it smelt like, and I didn't care! I support the Trumps! MAGA! Who needs nordstroms!" Dustin M wrote, in reference to Nordstroms, which was the first retailer to drop Ivanka's products. "Oh and by the way, the smell is aweosme!" Another apparently happy customer wrote: "Bought this as a gift for my wife, and to support Ivanka's position."
Allan Bell made the statement during peaceful demonstrations by pro-choice and anti-abortion campaigners outside the Manx parliament on Tuesday. Mr Bell said work on changing the legislation would begin "at the end of this year, early next year". The Termination of Pregnancy Act 1995 is the current law governing abortions in the Isle of Man. This means a termination can only be carried out on the island in the case of a pregnancy arising from a criminal offence such as rape, or on mental health grounds. For most women seeking an abortion, the only option is to travel to the UK to pay for the procedure. Manx campaign group, CALM (Campaign for Abortion Law Modernisation), which was established in April, wants island legislation to be brought in line with the UK. Although it is not currently illegal, the group said it is "almost impossible" for women to have a termination on the Isle of Man. A spokesman added: "The current act is incredibly restrictive. We are not saying abortion should be available to everyone at the drop of a hat." Anti-abortion campaigners at the rally held banners saying: "Thou shalt not kill". A spokesman said: "I'm part of a group which is here to represent the rights of unborn babies." Chief Minister Allan Bell said the legislation was due to be reviewed after the Isle of Man's general election in September.
Media playback is unsupported on your device 6 September 2015 Last updated at 11:33 BST Huge crowds of German people gathered at the station to cheer them on as they arrived. Many of them held signs saying "welcome" written in German and Arabic, and offered bottles of water and sweets to them. German police said around 7,000 refugees arrived at Munich station on Saturday, most of them had travelled from Syria. They will now be sent on to special reception centres all over Germany where they will receive hot food and clothes. BBC reporter Jenny Hill is at the train station in Munich...
His plan to deport the estimated 11 million people living illegally in the US was decried as impractical during an election debate in Wisconsin. But he said on Wednesday it was cheap, "doable" and humane. Democratic President Barack Obama wants to lift the threat of deportation to millions of undocumented people. But his plan to allow about four million people to apply for work permits has been hindered by legal challenges. Mr Trump, a billionaire New Yorker who has been leading in the polls, defended his plan to build a wall on the US-Mexico border and deport all the people living illegally in the US. "You're going to have a deportation force, and you're going to do it humanely," he told MSNBC's Morning Joe. "You have millions of people that are waiting in line to come into this country and they're waiting to come in legally." How do you deport 11m people? Debate exposes Republican divisions He pointed to the actions of former US President Dwight Eisenhower, who authorised what was probably the largest deportation operations in US history. Senator Ted Cruz backed Mr Trump during the debate, condemning any form of "amnesty" because illegal immigration kept wages low for American workers. But his fellow Republican, Ohio Governor John Kasich, said that mass deportation was a "silly argument" that could never work and would split families. The issue has exposed the diverging views within the party, and Florida Senator Marco Rubio clarified his stance on Wednesday. He described his position as a "very long path" to citizenship when people had spent at least 10 years on a work permit.
Steve Huffman said that he had not created the news comment platform "to be a bastion of free speech, but rather as a place where open and honest discussion can happen". He promised to provide further details on Thursday. One expert said the plan would probably enrage many of the site's users. Last week, Reddit's previous chief executive, Ellen Pao, resigned after an online petition calling for her dismissal attracted more than 213,000 signatures. The petition had accused Ms Pao of leading the site into a "new age of censorship" after five "subreddit communities" run by volunteers had been banned for failing to tackle the "harassment of individuals". However, one of Reddit's other former chief executives - who no longer works for the company - has since suggested that Ms Pao was less minded to restrict users' activities than many of her critics had assumed. "On at least two separate occasions, the board pressed [Ms Pao] to outright ban all the hate subreddits in a sweeping purge. She resisted," wrote Yishan Wong. "She probably would have tolerated your existence so long as you didn't cause any problems. I know that her long-term strategies were to find ways to surface and publicise Reddit's good parts - allowing the bad parts to exist but keeping them out of the spotlight." Reddit attracted more than 163 million visitors last month, according to its own figures, making it one of the net's most popular destinations. Mr Huffman co-founded Reddit in 2005 and was announced as the site's new chief last week, following Ms Pao's resignation. In a message posted to the site on Tuesday, he said his top priority was to develop a "comprehensive content policy" and tools to enforce it. "The overwhelming majority of content on Reddit comes from wonderful, creative, funny, smart, and silly communities. That is what makes Reddit great," he wrote. "There is also a dark side, communities whose purpose is reprehensible, and we don't have any obligation to support them. And we also believe that some communities currently on the platform should not be here at all. "We as a community need to decide together what our values are. To that end, I'll be hosting an AMA [Ask Me Anything session] on Thursday." More than 14,000 comments have been posted below the announcement by the site's users. Some support his action, others suggest it will destroy the community. Several members said they now intended to switch to Voat - a rival site that promises to "not meddle and not censor content" unless it is illegal. One analyst said it was inevitable that Mr Huffman's plans would antagonise many of Reddit's users, but added that was not necessarily a bad thing. "When you try to formalise things that have emerged as an organic mess, there is absolutely a risk that you are going to lose a lot of the core of what you were and alienate a big bunch of users," said Mark Mulligan, from Midia Research. "But Reddit has had a couple of years of incredibly strong growth in terms of profile and influence, and in many ways this is a good time to take this gamble, because it has momentum. "If you have momentum, you can afford to lose a sub-segment of a generation of users because you can be confident of attracting a new generation and so can mould the company to better fit the owners' and management team's moral compasses."
Loch Glascarnoch near Garve supplies water to Mossford power station. A road that used to link Inverness and Ullapool, two bridges and part of a telegraph pole have been visible and were photographed by Calum Maclean. Glascarnoch and its dam form part of energy giant SSE's Conon hydro electric scheme, which involves six dams and seven power stations. The dams and power plants were built in stages between the 1940s and 1960s. A new road to Ullapool was built to replace the one lost under Loch Glascarnoch. SSE said the water level of the loch had been lowered for operational reasons. A spokesperson said: "As we head into the winter we've pulled the level down because the rain we usually get in October and November can raise the levels up by as much as one metre a day."
A police investigation has been launched into the death of the 67-year-old - a wanted man in Russia, and an opponent of President Vladimir Putin. A former Kremlin power-broker whose fortunes declined under Mr Putin, Mr Berezovsky emigrated to the UK in 2000. Thames Valley Police said the death, at a property in Ascot, Berkshire, was being treated as unexplained. The area around the property has been cordoned off to allow the investigation to take place, the force said. The inquiry was at a very early stage and more details will be released when available, it added. A South Central Ambulance Service spokeswoman said it had been called to the property at 15:18 GMT. "We sent a number of ambulance officers and an ambulance to the address. The 67-year-old male was confirmed deceased at the scene," she said. Last year, Mr Berezovsky lost a Â£3bn ($4.7bn) damages claim against Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich. Mr Berezovsky claimed he had been intimidated by Mr Abramovich into selling shares in Russian oil giant Sibneft for a "fraction of their true worth". The allegations were completely rejected by the London Commercial Court judge, who called Mr Berezovsky an "inherently unreliable" witness. By Steve RosenbergMoscow correspondent, BBC News Russians have little sympathy for oligarchs, whether alive or dead. That's because while Boris Berezovsky - and the tiny number of other tycoons - were striking rich in the 1990s, millions of people here were sliding into poverty. As he gained in power, many Russians saw Berezovsky as the "grey cardinal" in the Kremlin - exerting huge political influence for his own benefit. Having fled to London, he became a vocal Kremlin critic and pledged to work from self-imposed exile to depose President Putin. But back home in Russia,  many of Mr Putin's opponents blamed Berezovsky for having engineered the transfer of power from Yeltsin to Putin. Boris Berezovsky will be remembered as a towering figure of the 1990s and as one of the most powerful men in Yeltsin's Russia. BBC world affairs reporter Richard Galpin said sources have told him that Mr Berezovsky was depressed after the loss of the court case and was under financial pressure. The tycoon's wealth is thought to have considerably diminished in recent years, leaving him struggling to pay debts in the wake of costly court cases. Mr Berezovsky had made his fortune in the 1990s selling imported Mercedes as well as Russian-made cars. He was one of the first Russian oligarchs - a tiny group of tycoons who at the end of communism used their connections to become rich almost overnight. Later owning Sibneft, the national airline Aeroflot, and as primary shareholder in Russia's main television channel, he supported Boris Yeltsin's rise to power, enjoying huge influence during this era. Mr Berezovsky survived numerous assassination attempts, including a bomb that decapitated his chauffeur. During the later years of Yeltsin's presidency, Mr Berezovsky was part of the leader's inner circle as deputy secretary of Russia's security council. "Boris Berezovsky was one of the most powerful men in Russia back in the 1990s," said the BBC's Moscow correspondent, Steve Rosenberg. "He rose from being a mathematician, a computer programmer and a used car salesman, to being such an influential figure in Boris Yeltsin's Russia." He then played a role in Mr Putin's rise in the late-1990s, before the new president moved to curb the political ambitions of Russia's oligarchs. Leaving Russia for self-imposed exile in the UK, Mr Berezovsky became one of Mr Putin's fiercest critics. But our correspondent said that on Saturday, a spokesman for Mr Putin said that Mr Berezovsky had sought the president's permission to return to Russia.
The former Blackpool boss has been ruthless with a squad that even flirted with bottom spot and appears to be placing his faith this time on players with recent experience of the Scottish Championship. Fellow former Scotland international Gary Naysmith has had a similar clear-out of an East Fife squad that also under-performed by finishing fourth in the table, although they did pick up in time to reach the play-off final, where they lost to Stenhousemuir. Defender Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia and goalkeeper Alan Martin have made the biggest jump up the ranks during the close season. Former Real Sociedad 24-year-old Leanizbarrutia has left East Fife to sign for Dundee, while Martin has left Clyde for Hamilton Academical. Annan Athletic and East Stirlingshire have had their annual mass cull of their squads, with Berwick Rangers the most active in adding to their numbers. Key signing: Jordan Hart spent the second half of last season on loan from Celtic and the 19-year-old goalkeeper has now made the move from the Scottish champions permanent. Intriguing arrival: Having started his career with Partick Thistle, versatile 24-year-old Nigeria-born Smart Osadolor headed to Tiffin University in Ohio after spells with junior outfits Irvine Vics and St Anthony's, but the left-side player returns to Scotland after his scholarship. One that got away: Former Rangers youth defender Andrew Mitchell returned to Annan on loan from Southport in February, but the 23-year-old has now moved to Crusaders in his native Northern Ireland. In: Jordan Hart, goalkeeper (Celtic); Blair Currie, goalkeeper (Hamilton Academical); Jamie Watson, forward (Airdrieonians); Smart Osadolor, midfielder (Tiffin University Athletics). Out: Kieran Brannan, forward (Kilbirnie Ladeside); Chris Dickinson, forward (West Auckland); Alex Mitchell, goalkeeper; Iain Chisholm, defender; Kenny MacKay, forward; Steven Logan, midfielder; Callum Cook, midfielder; Michael McAnespie, defender; Craig Murray, goalkeeper; Danny Graham, midfielder; Dion Irving, defender; Benjamin Wagner, forward. Loan ended: Junior Ogen, forward (Rangers); Andrew Mitchell, midfielder (Southport); Calum Cook, midfielder (Dumbarton). Last season: 5th Prediction: 2nd. Having knocked Airdrieonians out of the Petrofac Training Cup then came close to ousting Queen of the South in the League Cup, Jim Chapman's side look to have the basis for a promotion challenge this season. Key signing: Arbroath have high hopes for Kane Hester, a 20-year-old striker signed from junior club Arbroath Vics after scoring four goals in three pre-season games. Intriguing arrival: Midfielder Sergio Cecilia Alvarez, previously of Atletico Victoria of Tenerife in the fourth tier of Spanish football, won a contract after the 25-year-old impressed on trial. One that got away: Simon Murray ended the season with 24 goals, the 23-year-old striker having ended the season on loan to the Red Lichties after being loaned back following a £50,000 January transfer to Dundee United. In: Sergio Cecilia Alvarez, midfielder (Atletico Victoria); Jamie Reid, midfielder (Dundee); Calum Brodie, goalkeeper (Dundee); Andrew Munro, defender (Raith Rovers); Martin Grehan, forward (Stenhousemuir); Allan Fleming, goalkeeper (East Fife); David Gold, midfielder (Berwick Rangers); Jamie Clarke, midfielder (Broughty Athletic); Graham Hay, defender (Formartine United); Craig Wilson, defender (Linlithgow Rose); Kane Hester, forward (Arbroath Vics). Loan: Darren Ramsay, defender (Rangers); Andy Ryan, striker (Hamilton Academical); Craig Watson, defender (Hamilton Academical). Out: David Crawford, goalkeeper (Alloa Athletic); Kevin Buchan, forward (Brechin City); Scott McBride, midfielder (Albion Rovers); Kevin Nicoll, midfielder (Forfar Athletic); Jonathan Lindsay, defender (Cumnock); Lewis Coult, forward; Paul McManus, forward; Adam Hunter, midfielder; Jack Smith, forward; Lenny Wilson, goalkeeper. Loan ended: Simon Murray, forward (Dundee United); Dylan Carreiro, midfielder (Dundee); Marc McCallum, goalkeeper (Dundee United); Ryan McGeever, defender (Falkirk); Liam Rowan, defender (Falkirk); Thomas Grant, midfielder (Falkirk); Liam Gordon, defender (Hearts). Last season: 3rd Prediction: 6th. Todd Lumsden's side fell away at the end of the season after looking like likely champions and might struggle without Simon Murray's goal threat. Key signing: Michael McKenna made 12 starts last season for Livingston in the Championship after leaving Musselburgh Athletic and the 24-year-old winger will be looking to establish himself as a first-team regular at Shielfield Park. Intriguing arrival: Dwayne Coultress joined St Johnstone from Aldershot Town in 2013 but most recently was playing for Highmoor Ibis in the Hellenic Football League Premier Division in the south of England. He then spent the last five months of last season training with Maidenhead United but without a contract. One that got away: Paul Willis' nine goals from midfield last season earned the 23-year-old former Dunfermline Athletic man a move to promoted Albion Rovers. In: Michael McKenna, midfielder (Livingston); Kevin Walker, goalkeeper (Livingston); Barry Hogg, midfielder (Hearts); Ewan McNeil, defender (Brechin City); Robert Wilson, defender (Airdrieonians);  Finn Graham, midfielder (Dunfermline Athletic); Ross Graham, defender (Montrose); David Banjo, midfielder (Montrose); Graeme Beveridge, midfielder (Elgin City); David Morris, midfielder (Dalkeith Thistle); Charlie Denton, midfielder (Kirkcaldy YM); Mark Walters, goalkeeper (Coldstream); Kieran Ainslie, defender (Coldstream); Calum Helm, forward (Hutchison Vale Juveniles); Dwayne Coultress, midfielder (Unattached). Out: Paul Willis, midfielder (Albion Rovers); Michael Andrews, goalkeeper (Cowdenbeath); David Gold, midfielder (Arbroath); Ross Gray, midfielder; Ben Miller, midfielder; Scott Maxwell, midfielder. Loan ended: Kyle Wilkie, midfielder (Nairn County). Last season: 8th Prediction: 3rd. Former Scotland midfielder Colin Cameron has added significantly to a squad that had a disappointing finish last season. Key signing: Former Dundee youth John Gibson finished the season as first choice with Alloa Athletic in the Championship, but the 26-year-old goalkeeper was released by manager Danny Lennon. Intriguing arrival: Former Motherwell youth David Gormley scored more than 50 goals in three seasons for Scottish Junior Cup winners Auchinleck Talbot and returns to the senior game at the age of 27. One that got away: Former Leeds United and Crewe Alexandra goalkeeper Alan Martin impressed enough in his first season with Clyde to win a move to the Premiership with Hamilton Academical. In: John Gibson, goalkeeper (Alloa Athletic); Scott Linton, midfielder (Dumbarton); Archie Campbell, forward (Dumbarton); Sean Higgins, forward (Cowdenbeath); Chris Mitchell, midfielder (Queen of the South); Chris Smith, defender (Stirling Albion); Michael Bolochoweckyj, defender (East Stirlingshire); Steve Brisbane, midfielder (East Stirlingshire); David Gormley, forward (Auchinleck Talbot). Out: Alan Martin, goalkeeper (Hamilton Academical); Steven McDougall, midfielder (Scarborough Athletic Toronto); Jamie Barclay, goalkeeper (Stenhousemuir); Scott McManus, forward (Queen's Park); Craig McLeish, midfielder (Queen's Park); Keigan Parker, forward (Shettleston); Michael Daly, forward (Petershill); Ryan Frances, defender (Shettleston); Fraser McGhee, defender (Petershill); Kevin Watt, forward (Kirkintilloch Rob Roy); David Gray, defender (BSC Glasgow); Paul Slane, midfielder; Iain Gray, defender; Stephen O'Donnell, midfielder; Ged Traynor, defender. Last season: 6th Prediction: 4th. Barry Ferguson's side flirted with bottom place last season and the former Scotland midfielder has bolstered his side with players who have second-tier experience. Key signing: Craig Murray ended the season making 14 appearances on loan to Ayr United from Aberdeen in League One before the 21-year-old midfielder's release by the Scottish Premiership club. Intriguing arrival: After a soccer scholarship in the United States, Craig Sutherland played for Blackpool, Plymouth Argyle and Woking before returning to Scotland for a short spell with Queen's Park then winning a move to the second tier with Cowdenbeath. But the 26-year-old midfielder was released after spending the end of the last season with Stenhousemuir in League One. One that got away: Once of Real Sociedad's second string, Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia moved to Scotland to study electronic engineering and reignited his football career by joining the Fifers and winning a move to the Premiership with Dundee after his first season. In: Craig Murray, defender (Aberdeen); Pat Slattery, midfielder (Queen of the South); Mikey Couser, goalkeeper (Alloa Athletic); Jonathan Page, defender (Dunfermline Athletic); Ryan Goodfellow, goalkeeper (Dunfermline Athletic); Scott Mercer, defender (Dunfermline Athletic); Declan O'Kane, midfielder (Dunfermline Athletic); Craig Sutherland, forward (Stenhousemuir); Graeme MacGregor, defender (East Stirlingshire); Kyle Wilkie, midfielder (Nairn County). Loan: Jason Kerr, defender (St Johnstone). Out: Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia, defender (Dundee); Caolan McAleer, forward (Airdrieonians); Jon McShane, forward (Stenhousemuir); Alan Cook, midfielder (Stenhousemuir); Allan Fleming, goalkeeper (Arbroath); Sean Dickson, midfielder (Stirling Albion); Lewis Barr, midfielder (Penicuik Athletic); Daryl Falconer, forward (Glenrothes); Jamie Beaton, midfielder (Preston Athletic); Derek Riordan, forward; David Maskrey, forward; Scott Smith, defender; Dylan Honeyman, midfielder. Loan ended: Ola Adeyemo, forward (Dundee United). Last season: 4th Prediction: 1st. Former Scotland full-back Gary Naysmith will hope to build on a fine run at the end of last season that just fell short of promotion in the play-offs. Key signing: Having started his career with Raith Rovers, Reece Donaldson was a regular in Peterhead's starting line-up last season in League One, but the 21-year-old defender was released this summer. Intriguing arrival: Kris Faulds made his Falkirk debut aged 17, but the 21-year-old midfielder was released after a season in Stenhousemuir's first team in League One. One that got away: Graeme MacGregor started his career with Bolton Wanderers and had spells with Hamilton and St Mirren before two years with Shire. However, the 22-year-old has switched to League Two rivals East Fife. In: Reece Donaldson, defender (Peterhead); Kristopher Faulds, midfielder (Peterhead); Darren Dolan, goalkeeper (Sauchie). Loan: Alistair Roy, forward (Hearts); Jonny Court, forward (Raith Rovers). Out: Michael Bolochoweckyj, defender (Clyde); Graeme MacGregor, defender (East Fife); Steve Brisbane, midfielder (Clyde); David Greenhill, midfielder (Spartans); Martyn Shields, midfielder (Petershill); Sean Quinn, goalkeeper; Jay Doyle, forward. Loan ended: Luke Donnelly, midfielder (Celtic); Kevin Nisbet, forward (Partick Thistle); David Bates, defender (Raith Rovers). Loan: Alan Deans, defender (Dunipace Juniors); Andy McNee, forward (Cumbernauld United). Last season: 9th Prediction: 10th. Craig Tully's side struggled at the end of last season and he has lost some experienced campaigners during the summer. Key signing: Marc McKenzie helped Albion Rovers win the League Two title last season, but the 30-year-old defender has moved to Elgin after his second spell in Coatbridge ended. Intriguing arrival: Elgin have taken three teenagers on loan from manager Premiership outfit St Johnstone - goalkeeper Mark Hurst, defender Liam Gordon and forward George Hunter - one of manager Jim Weir's former clubs. One that got away: Shane Sutherland's 27 goals in the last two seasons with Elgin City has earned the 24-year-old former Inverness Caledonian Thistle striker a move up a division to Peterhead. In: Marc McKenzie, forward (Albion Rovers). Loan: Connor McLaren, midfielder (St Johnstone); Mark Hurst, goalkeeper (St Johnstone); Liam Gordon, defender (St Johnstone); George Hunter, forward (St Johnstone); Kyle Macleod, forward (Ross County); Connor McLaren, midfielder (St Johnstone). Out: Shane Sutherland, forward (Peterhead); Graeme Beveridge, midfielder (Berwick Rangers); Dennis Wyness, forward (Buckie Thistle); Ally McKenzie, midfielder (Turriff United); Gordon Finlayson, defender (Forres Mechanics). Loan ended: Jamie Reid, midfielder (Dundee); Ross Laidlaw, goalkeeper (Raith Rovers). Last season: 7th Prediction: 8th. Jim Weir has not added significantly to his squad this summer. Key signing: Forward Ryan Ferguson has dropped down a division after spells with Dunfermline Athletic and Brechin City, the 21-year-old making 24 starts for the Glebe Park outfit last season. Intriguing arrival: Dale Reid was previously released by Montrose, but the 22-year-old striker has earned a return to Links Park after scoring 46 goals in two seasons for East Region Premier League junior side Montrose Roselea. One that got away: Veteran defender Marvin Andrews helped Montrose retain their League Two status, scoring in the play-off win over Highland League champions Brora Rangers, but it could have been the former Trinidad and Tobago international's swansong at 39. In: Greg Pascazio, defender (Rangers); Greg Cameron, midfielder (Brechin City); Andrew Steeves, midfielder (Forfar Athletic); Ryan Ferguson, midfielder (Brechin City); Ross Salmon, goalkeeper (Buckie Thistle); Gary Fraser, forward (Jeanfield Swifts); Ryan Kenneth, defender (St James); Jordan Reoch, defender (Montrose Roselea); Dale Reid, forward (Montrose Roselea); Adam McWilliam, midfielder (Laurencekirk). Loan: Matty Allan, defender (Dundee); Jordan Millar, goalkeeper (St Johnstone); Gavin Malin, midfielder (Forfar Athletic). Out: Leighton McIntosh, forward (Peterhead); David Banjo, midfielder (Berwick Rangers); Ross Graham, defender (Berwick Rangers); Bryan Deasley, forward (Lochee United); Stuart McKenzie (Cove Rangers); Garry Wood (Formartine United); Ewan Moyes, defender (Bonnyrigg Rose); Jonathan Crawford, defender (Formartine United); Marvin Andrews, defender; Stephen O'Neill, midfielder; Jordan Allan, forward; Paul Harkins, midfielder; Danny Cavanagh, midfielder; John McCafferty, goalkeeper; Kieran Sturrock, forward; Craig Johnston, forward; Alan Campbell, defender; Stephen Day, midfielder. Last season: 10th Prediction: 9th. Paul Hegarty has had to plunder the junior ranks to add to a squad that flirted with an exit from the SPFL last season. Key signing: David Galt helped Blantyre Vics win the Central District First Division and reach two cup finals last season and the midfielder has moved from the junior ranks to the seniors. Intriguing arrival: Cammy Marlow began his career with Ayr United, has played for Glenafton juniors. Now the 20-year-old midfielder has returned to Scotland after a second spell with LA Galaxy. One that got away: Darren Miller's performances for the Spiders last season earned the 23-year-old midfielder a move to Championship outfit Dumbarton. In: Cammy Marlow, midfielder (LA Galaxy); Ryan McGeever, defender (Falkirk); Scot McManus, forward (Clyde); Craig McLeish, midfielder (Clyde); David Galt, forward (Blantyre Vics); Joe Bradley, midfielder (Beith Juniors); Connor O'Boyle, goalkeeper (Harestanes Amateurs). Out: Darren Miller, midfielder (Dumbarton); Kevin Fotheringham, forward (Bannockburn); Ross McPherson, forward (Irvine Meadow); Shaun Fraser, midfielder (Irvine Meadow); David MacGregor, defender; David McWilliams, defender; Blair Lochhead, goalkeeper; Bernard Coll, defender; Lee Davison, midfielder; Shaun Rooney, midfielder; Ross Gallacher, defender; Thomas Collins, forward. Loan ended: Jordan Moore, forward (Dundee United); Patrick Slattery, midfielder (Queen of the South). Last season: 2nd Prediction: 7th. Gus MacPherson's side stumbled at the end of the season as they challenged for the title and could struggle to emulate last term's highs. Key signing: Former Scotland Under-21, St Mirren and Dunfermline Athletic goalkeeper Chris Smith moves down a division after the 29-year-old was released after Stenhousemuir flirted with relegation. Intriguing arrival: Mark Staunton looked to be a prospect when Charlton Athletic paid £110,000 to Celtic for his services, but the 26-year-old had spent the last two seasons in the junior ranks with Irvine Meadow. And, after only three appearances for Stirling, he asked to be released from his contract following a red card against Clyde. One that got away: Former Livingston, Hearts and Raith Rovers striker Gordon Smith has won a move up to the Championship with Dumbarton after scoring 10 goals as Stirling suffered relegation last season. In: Craig Beattie, forward (Ayr United); Chris Smith, goalkeeper (Stenhousemuir); Ross McMillan, defender (Stenhousemuir); Ross Smith, defender (Peterhead); Sean Dickson, midfielder (East Fife). Loan: Kyle Lander, forward (St Johnstone). Out: Greg Hurst, midfielder (St Johntone); Gordon Smith, forward (Dumbarton); David Weatherston, forward (Brechin City); Mark Ferry, midfielder (Albion Rovers); Lewis Coult, forward (Arbroath); Chris Smith, defender (Clyde); Jon Paul McGovern, midfielder; Mark Staunton, defender; Chris Paton, forward; Callum Reidford, goalkeeper; Graham Weir, midfielder; James Creaney, defender; Blair Munn, midfielder; Dale Fulton, defender. Loan ended: Scott Shepherd, forward (Falkirk). Last season: 10th in League One (relegated) Prediction: 5th. Stuart McLaren's side were well adrift at the foot of League One last season and could struggle to bounce straight back up.
Bristol Crown Court heard that Vielstone and Gatooma homes in Devon had a room where residents were left alone, often without food and water. Paul Hewitt, 70, denies charges of conspiracy to detain and falsely imprison residents. Mr Hewitt also said he was unaware that residents missed meals and he would have "made sure" they were fed. The court heard that a woman resident said she had been tied up in the room at Gatooma in Holsworthy Mr Hewitt, from Teignmouth, said he would not approve of this, telling the court: "Absolutely not. Mechanical restraint was a no no." He also denied stopping residents making home visits as a punishment. Mr Hewitt said he purchased Gatooma in 2004 for residents with behavioural issues. "It was about giving them a better quality of life," he said. "They had been in hospital or locked units. We wanted them to be free to be part of a community set up and be free to go to the shops or the pub." Mr Hewitt, founder of Atlas Project Team Ltd, ran the two care homes for adults with learning disabilities. He sold the business in 2006 but continued to be in charge, the court heard. Mr Hewitt and employees Lee Farrant, 30, James Lawson, 41, Julie Barlow, 51, and Aaron Jones, 33, all from Devon, deny a series of charges against seven residents at Vielstone near Bideford and Gatooma in Holsworthy between 2010 and 2011. Mr Lawson denies eight charges of false imprisonment, Mr Farrant six charges of false imprisonment and Mr Jones and Ms Barlow three charges each of false imprisonment. The trial continues.
Discussions are set to focus on Syria and Iran, particularly the nuclear deal bitterly opposed by Mr Netanyahu. Mr Cameron said the UK "remains staunch" in its "defence of Israel's right to exist and to defend itself". Pro-Palestinian campaigners have denounced Mr Netanyahu's visit. There were angry confrontations outside Downing Street on Wednesday between protesters demanding Mr Netanyahu's arrest for what they say amount to war crimes in Gaza and pro-Israel activists. Although a petition calling for the Israeli PM's arrest secured enough signatures to be considered for a debate in Parliament, the bid was rejected earlier this week because "visiting heads of foreign governments... have immunity from legal process, and cannot be arrested or detained", the UK government said in a statement. Arriving in Downing Street, Mr Netanyahu said: "The Middle East is disintegrating under the twin forces of militant Islam - militant Sunnis led by Isis [Islamic State] and militant Shiites led by Iran. "I believe that we can co-operate in practical ways to roll back the tide of militant Islam both in the Middle East and in Africa." The Israeli premier also said he was "ready to resume direct negotiations with the Palestinians with no conditions whatsoever to entering negotiations... immediately". Talks between Israel and the Palestinians broke down in April 2014. Mr Cameron praised the "close relationship between Britain and Israel" and the "growing economic and commercial ties" between the countries. He said he wanted to talk about the "enormous important global threats" in particular so-called Islamic State.
Known as "The Bulldozer", he won with 58% of the vote to the 40% of his main rival Edward Lowassa. The victory margin was a surprise - many analysts had predicted a tighter race after four opposition parties united behind Mr Lowassa's candidature. It boiled down to Mr Magufuli's popularity, which superseded that of the governing Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) that has dominated politics since independence from British rule in 1961. So what are the five big challenges he faces once in office? Change was the buzzword during the election campaign. Now people will expect him to engage in a major house-cleaning exercise by showing the door to corrupt government officials and old-school public servants. This will pose a huge political risk, as they are well-entrenched in CCM. But Mr Magufuli, the former works minister, will have to tackle corruption head-on, as Tanzanians have had enough of it. His first big test will come with the appointment of a cabinet. Will it be made up of people untainted by corruption? If not, voters will be disappointed. After all, he has built his political career on the promise that he is not scared of taking risks, and that he works hard and acts fast. Although the official unemployment rate is at around 10%, people sometimes get the impression that the crisis bigger - a recent advert for 70 jobs in the public service posts attracted more than 10,000 applications. Interviews had to be held in a football stadium. Almost half of Tanzania's 50 million-strong population is made up of young people, and they are worst-affected by unemployment. They voted with great enthusiasm, believing their fortunes will change under Mr Magufuli. He will be under most pressure from them to deliver on his promise to create jobs - and end poverty. He has promised to revive industries which are in bad shape, like the cotton and fish processing sectors. Mr Magufuli has promised children free education from kindergarten to secondary school. While many Tanzanians welcome this, they feel it is not enough. They want a higher standard of education with improved curriculums so that Tanzania can have a better-skilled work force. Mr Magufuli will be hard-pressed to meet their demands - almost all state schools are short of desks, books and teachers. With last week's local elections in Zanzibar scrapped because of alleged rigging, Mr Magufuli will have to make sure that a re-run takes place, and that it is free and fair. When Mr Kikwete came to power, he promised to keep a close eye on the semi-autonomous islands, which are popular with tourists. But as he leaves the office, more than 60% of Zanzibaris want more autonomy for the archipelago - an indication of their dissatisfaction with the union. If Mr Magufuli can bring about a lasting solution, he will go down in history as one of Tanzania's most successful presidents - but it is a big if. Outgoing President Jakaya Kikwete promised a new constitution, but failed to deliver on it during his 10 years in office. The opposition gained many votes with its promise to make sweeping changes to the constitution - including reducing presidential powers and guaranteeing the impartiality of state institutions, like the electoral commission. Mr Magufuli ignored the issue during the election campaign. Can he afford to do that throughout his presidency? Unlikely.
The midfielder, 32, twice won the league during a nine-year spell at Stamford Bridge, including one success under Jose Mourinho in 2006. Essien thinks Mourinho could do it again with his side top of the table. He told BBC Sport: "There is still a long way to go but I'm sure they are in a good position and once Jose is ahead it is very difficult to overtake him." Essien, who now plays for AC Milan, sees similarities between the current Chelsea side and the one he played for when Mourinho signed him from Lyon during his first spell in charge in 2005. In an interview with BBC Sport, the Ghana international - who also played under Mourinho during a loan spell at Real Madrid - assesses the qualities of his former boss and Chelsea's prospects. He also discusses his work with the #UnitedAgainstEbola project, a campaign for Health Africa International launched to try and combat the threat of ebola and the potential impact of the disease on the up-coming Africa Cup of Nations. Essien on Chelsea: "It's not a big surprise they are doing so well. Whoever works under Jose will tell you that he is the sort of man who always gets the best out of his players. "The way they are playing now reminds me of when I first came to Chelsea. We were very hard to beat and we won most of our games and they are doing it this year. "They have a lot of young players who can step up. I think they are going to become like Chelsea of years ago. And they will win trophies for their club." Essien on Mourinho: "He is very close to his players and he knows how to talk to them. Sometimes he might ignore you a little bit just to get you a little bit angry and then go out there and perform. So he has his little ways to keep his players going. "He is not scared of anyone. Sometimes he is too honest, but you don't have to take it personally. You have to prove to him that when you are on the pitch you are better. And that's what he wants." Essien on United Against Ebola: "There was a joke about me on the internet that I have got ebola. I said this in not a joke and I came up with this campaign to try and educate people in Africa about the disease. "I was not worried. I had not travelled to Africa. I was fine. I was in good health. People around the world were more worried about me so I tried to calm everybody down. "I'm still working on it to try and get some of my team-mates and people I know to get involved and to promote this campaign and try to raise awareness and to raise money for those who need it. "The most important thing is when someone has the virus how to deal with the person and how to go close to the person. Essien on the impact of ebola on the Africa Cup of Nations: "They have had to change the venue. So if we can all join together to solve this problem I think it will be very good for Africa. "Some of the players will be a bit concerned. They will be a bit worried. But I think everything will be fine and I hope the Nations Cup will go on and we will have a fantastic tournament. We are crossing our fingers that the whole thing will go on and nothing will happen. "They should feel safe in going and representing their countries. Hopefully the tournament will go on and we won't get any bad news." The full interview with Essien can be heard on BBC Radio 5 live sport from 13:00 GMT on Sunday, 14 December
The specialist system monitors the strain from wind, traffic and the weight of the bridge. Specialists were brought in to install the monitors which will feed data back to the control room. The bridge was closed to all traffic on 4 December after a crack was discovered in a truss under the carriageway. Engineers hope to have it repaired and open to traffic again by 4 January. An inquiry will begin after that, with MSPs agreeing that the "immediate" priority should be to get the bridge reopened. The lorries were sent over the bridge in different patterns over five hours of tests on Saturday. An inquiry will focus primarily on the structural defect, and an independent technical adviser will be asked to take part. The inquiry aims to call officials from bridge operator Amey, its predecessor the Forth Estuary Transport Authority, Transport Scotland staff and Transport Secretary Derek Mackay.
GSA established a Phoenix Bursary scheme to help those affected by the blaze which ripped through its iconic Mackintosh building in May last year. Of the 100 students given grants, 90 are exhibiting at the Reid Building. The show has paintings, video work, multi-media installations, sculptures, interactive pieces and photography. It will open to the public on Friday. An investigation by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service concluded the fire was caused by flammable gases from a canister of expanding foam. The report, released in November, said the gases ignited as they came into contact with the hot surface of a projector in Studio 19. In the aftermath of the blaze, GSA launched a Â£20m fundraising drive to pay for the restoration of the Mackintosh and its contents. The art school confirmed earlier this year that Glasgow-based Page\Park Architects would lead the restoration project.
The officer told French media how he and a colleague came face-to-face with one of three gunmen launching an attack, and shot him dead. Ninety concert-goers were killed at the Bataclan concert hall, where Eagles of Death Metal were playing. Dozens more people died in co-ordinated attacks across Paris on 13 November. The policeman, a department head at the Paris anti-crime brigade (BAC), told FranceInfo radio (in French) that he and his colleague had been responding to reports of an explosion at the Stade de France when they were redirected. They were ordered to go to the 10th and 11th arrondissements of Paris following news of shootings. On the way, they found panicked concert-goers fleeing the Bataclan and quickly decided to go inside. "What surprised us immediately was the extremely bright light that blinded us," said the officer, whose identity has been protected for security reasons. "The bewildering silence... and then hundreds of bodies one on top of the other." What happened at the Bataclan? Who were the victims? Soon after entering the music venue, the police duo saw a gunman walk on stage and point a Kalashnikov at an audience member. "He was very calm," the officer said. "Given the carnage, there was no doubt about what we had to do. We opened fire straight away. We kept shooting until he fell to the floor." The gunman was later identified as Foued Mohamed-Aggad, a 23-year-old French national from Strasbourg. The two officers, who reportedly only had service weapons and light bulletproof vests, then heard an explosion from elsewhere in the building and realised there were likely to be more attackers. Faced with extreme danger, the men phoned their loved-ones. "We decided we could not leave the scene - we could not leave these people," the officer said. "I was ready to die with my team that night. I phoned my girlfriend to say goodbye." Elite police units soon arrived at the scene. Two other attackers who took people hostage in the concert hall eventually died in a final police assault hours later. They were later identified as Frenchmen Omar Ismail Mostefai, 29, and Samy Amimour, 28. Paris attacks: Who were the attackers?
The 28-year-old Jamaican set both current world records, 9.58 seconds for 100m and 19.19 seconds for 200m, at the 2009 World Championships. Despite winning five Olympic and World individual sprint titles since, he has yet to improve on those times. "Everybody wants to see the 100m go but the 200m is for me," he said. "If I can get a perfect season where I'm working well, without any injuries, with no time off, I'll definitely have the chance to break the 100m world record. "The 200m is my personal focus. One of my biggest goals is to try to run sub-19, pushing the barrier a little bit will be great for me." Bolt's 2014 campaign was disrupted by foot and hamstring injuries and he only ran in three races - including a leg for Jamaica's victorious 4x100m relay team at the Commonwealth Games - before bringing his season to an early end. Bolt's quickest 200m time since setting his world record in Berlin was the 19.32 seconds he clocked at London 2012. Similarly the closest he has come to beating his own 100m mark was the 9.63 seconds he ran to defend his Olympic crown two years ago. In an interview with Al-Jazeera, Bolt also offered a partial defence of the six positive doping tests returns by Jamaican athletes - including Asafa Powell and Veronica Campbell Brown - in 2013. "There were mistakes but there weren't any serious drugs," he said. "It is still bad: the drug scandal. But it was a good thing it wasn't like they were deliberately going out of their way to take drugs."
Gary Boyce uncovered the 8th Century cemetery six months ago in Great Ryburgh, Norfolk. He had been carrying out work to build a fishing lake. Mr Boyce has been given a £90,000 grant from England Heritage, but feels there should be more support for landowners who find themselves in his position. Landowners are responsible for the initial exploration costs of excavations found on their property, and the cost rises if human remains are discovered and have to be excavated. Mr Boyce told BBC Inside Out: "History has been changed (by the discovery) but you've seriously got to weigh up the costs. To nearly lose your house, that's massive." Will Fletcher, inspector of ancient monuments for Norfolk, Suffolk and Bedfordshire for Historic England, said: "We tried to operate as quickly as we could and provide some support to Gary because obviously he was in a very difficult position." Tim Pestell, the curator of Archaeology at Norwich Castle, said it was an unusual discovery. "Because the site was so unique, it is nationally significant. Great Ryburgh will go down in the academic textbooks as an example of an early Christian community," he said. "The landowner got unlucky because it was so wonderful, it wasn't expected. That's why Historic England has put thousands of pounds into rescuing that site." It is hoped that some of the artefacts will eventually go on display at Norwich Castle along with one of the coffins, after it has been sent to York for conservation. See the full story on Inside Out BBC ONE East Monday 19:30 GMT.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group said it was behind the attack. The incident came hours after three foreign tourists were stabbed by suspected IS militants who stormed a hotel in the Red Sea resort of Hurghada on Friday. Egypt is battling an insurgency largely based in the Sinai Peninsula which became more active after the overthrow of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. Hundreds of security force members and government personnel have been killed, with attacks creeping closer to the capital Cairo. The instability has threatened Egypt's important tourism industry. Those injured in the attack in Hurghada - two Austrians and a Swede - are said to be in a stable condition. Security forces shot dead one of the attackers and wounded the other. Both were armed with knives and reports say they raised the IS flag. "Everything happened so quickly," said the wounded Swedish tourist, Sammie Olovsson. "I thought I would bleed to death." Egypt's ambassador to the UK, Nasser Kamel, said his country was no less safe than other countries, adding there was no reason to stop visiting. "We are facing the exact same threat in Paris, unfortunately in London, all over the world," he said. IS has an affiliate based in the Sinai Peninsula, known as Sinai Province. It said it was behind the downing of a Russian jet last year that killed 224 people.
Dwr Cymru Welsh Water also announced that finance director Chris Jones will be taking on the chief executive role when Nigel Annett steps down. The firm, with three million customers, said it had kept bills to the same level in real terms as in 2001. Meanwhile, research by Cardiff University claims the company is worth £1bn a year to the Welsh economy. Its financial results come in a different form to companies with shares on the stock market. It is owned by the not-for-profit company Glas Cymru and savings or efficiencies are ploughed back into Dwr Cymru or used to keep bills as low as possible. Mr Annett, with Mr Jones, founded Glas Cymru 12 years ago, and he said the idea stems from the notion that having a public service company, which is a monopoly, being run on the basis of profit maximisation for shareholders does not work in the customers' interest. He said there were cases where the Glas Cymru non-profit model of ownership could work elsewhere in other businesses and industries. Mr Jones said of the job awaiting him: "There are some big challenges ahead. "We're a company that has to have a long-term vision, looking to invest in assets that will be around for the next for the next 20, 30 and 40 years, so we have to make the right decisions. "We have to balance that investment with the need to strive to keep bills down for our customers as well because everyone is feeling the pinch in difficult circumstances." Research also published on Thursday by Cardiff Business School said that Dwr Cymru contributes £1bn into the Welsh economy every year. The study claims for every £1 spent by the company, another 56p is generated for the rest of the Welsh economy. The report also quotes the water regulator Ofwat saying that between 2009/10 and 2014/15 Dwr Cymru customers face the lowest increase in average household bills of all water and sewerage companies in England and Wales. On top of the £338m spent on infrastructure last year, the company is committing another £650m over the next two years, which it is argued will employ 1,000 construction workers. The company has also reported that their financial reserves amount to £1.6bn, that's a tenfold increase compared with 2001 when Dwr Cymru was taken over by Glas Cymru. Dwr Cymru's borrowing or gearing has also come down. It now stands at 63% compared with 65% last year and 93% in 2001.
His 2016 budget would impose a one-off 14% tax on US profits stashed overseas, as well as a 19% tax on any future profits as they are earned. The $238bn (Â£158bn) raised would be used to fund road projects in the US. But analysts say it is unlikely the Republican-controlled Congress will approve the proposals. Mr Obama told broadcaster NBC that despite several years of economic improvement, wages and incomes for middle class families were "just now ticking up". "They haven't been keeping pace over the last 30 years compared to, you know, corporate profits and what's happening to folks in the very top," he said. Research firm Audit Analytics calculated last April that US firms in total had $2.1tn-worth of profits stashed abroad. It found US conglomerate General Electric had the most profit stored overseas at $110bn.  Tech giants Microsoft and Apple and drugs companies Pfizer and Merck all featured in the top five. No tax is currently due on foreign profits as long as they are not brought into the US. As a result some companies put their earnings in low tax jurisdictions and simply leave them there. The White House said its plans for an immediate 14% tax would raise $238bn, which would be used to fund a wider $478bn public works programme of road, bridge and public transport upgrades. "This transition tax would mean that companies have to pay US tax right now on the $2tn  they already have overseas, rather than being able to delay paying any US tax indefinitely," a White House official said. The official said that after this one-off tax, the 19% permanent tax firms would have to pay on overseas profits "would level the playing field, and encourage firms to create jobs here at home." The tax rate is far lower than the current US top corporate tax rate of 35%. Also expected in Mr Obama's budget proposal is a tax cut on earned incomes, including tax credits for child care and "second earners". Mr Obama will also seek to ease restrictions on military and domestic spending in place since a budget deal in 2011. Republicans in Congress have largely rejected many of Mr Obama's proposals for increased domestic spending and tax rises on corporations but support increased military spending. Representative Paul Ryan, the Republican's top budget official, accused Mr Obama of exploiting "envy economics" in his proposal. "This top down redistribution doesn't work," Mr Ryan told NBC.
Third seed Halep won 6-4 3-6 6-3 to set up a final against unseeded Jelena Ostapenko of Latvia. Czech second seed Pliskova would have become world number one next week had she won the second semi-final. Ostapenko celebrated her 20th birthday with a 7-6 (7-4) 3-6 6-3 win over Switzerland's Timea Bacsinszky. Mimi Jausovec was the last unseeded player to reach the French Open final in 1983, losing to Chris Evert. Saturday's final will see a new Grand Slam champion crowned, and a new name at the top of the rankings should Halep win and overtake Angelique Kerber. "It is nice to be in the final again," said Halep, who lost to Maria Sharapova in the 2014 French Open final. "I hope I can play better and win it. I'm playing a young player - it is a big challenge." After recovering from a set and 5-1 down against Elina Svitolina in the quarter-final, Halep led from the front against Pliskova. With the number-one ranking and the prospect of a first Grand Slam title on the line, it was Halep who grasped the opportunity. The 25-year-old broke serve in game three as her speed and accuracy proved too much for the wayward Pliskova. The Czech made 24 errors in losing the first set, but finally edged ahead at 4-2 in the second. Pliskova, 25, had said throughout the tournament that she was surprised at her progress on the clay, but for half an hour her powerful hitting held sway and there was little Halep could do. The Romanian was under pressure early in the decider but finally chased down a forehand and fired a brilliant cross-court winner to grab a 3-1 lead. Pliskova would cut the deficit to 4-3 only to blaze a forehand long, leaving Halep to serve out the match after two hours. Ostapenko was well into uncharted territory, ranked 47th and having never been past the third round at a Grand Slam before, but she relished the big stage. The former Wimbledon junior champion held her nerve to become Latvia's first major finalist, and the youngest woman in a Slam final since 19-year-old Caroline Wozniacki at the 2009 US Open. Ostapenko edged a first-set tie-break but looked to have lost her way in the second when she dropped four games in a row. Bacsinszky was knocked out of the tournament at the semi-final stage at Roland Garros in 2015 and appeared determined to avoid the same fate as she comfortably levelled at one set all. But Ostapenko turned on the style in the decider, edging ahead at 4-3 with the 15th break of the match before holding for 5-3. Ostapenko then hit a winning forehand to secure her place in the final, prompting the crowd to sing "happy birthday" as she celebrated the biggest win of her career so far. "I felt a little bit tight because it was a semi-final," she said. "But then I was just trying to be calm and just to try to play my game and just enjoy every moment."
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue helped 26 Easingwold School pupils off the vehicle when it became stranded near Newton-on-Ouse just after 08:00 GMT. None of the children was injured in the incident. North Yorkshire County Council said the bus driver went through a road closure sign and it would be investigating. In a statement it said the route taken by the bus, operated by Stephenson's of Easingwold, had been closed due to flooding. The bus operator apologised and said it was carrying out a detailed investigation. "We put road closure signs out during flooding for a very good reason - to keep people safe," said Councillor Don Mackenzie. "It is not possible to tell how deep the water is on flooded roads and drivers can quickly find themselves in trouble, along with their passengers." Dave Stephenson, from the bus operator, said: "We have yet to interview the driver but obviously as soon as we speak to him we will know more about what's happened. "We express our sincere apologies to the children who were on the service this morning as well as to their families for this unfortunate incident." North Yorkshire Police said they would be investigating how the bus became stranded on the eight-mile (12km) journey to the school. Head teacher Phil Benaiges said: "A number of students were brought into school but most went home with their parents to get warm and dry. "Some were upset and all were cold and wet." River levels remain high following flooding over the Christmas and New Year period and around 15 roads across North Yorkshire remain closed. The fire service and police said it was essential motorists did not attempt to drive through flood water. Further heavy rainfall on Monday virtually cut off the seaside town of Whitby where the fire service had to rescue two people from a car which became trapped by flood water.
Low numbers of staff with the right specialist training at Stafford's County Hospital forced the closure of A&E to patients under 18, on 25 August. The hospital trust said it was looking at putting in a service to deal with minor injuries. Plans for a full range of services have been submitted for scrutiny. The A&E department is open to adults. The hospital, under its former guise of Stafford Hospital, was the subject of a public inquiry after a higher than expected number of deaths between 2005 to 2008. More on this and other stories from Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire Robert Courteney-Harris, chief executive of the University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust, said staff understood concerns over the decision to suspend children's emergency services. "We recognise that a small number of patients and their families have now had to travel further for non-urgent treatment and we are very sorry for this," he said. "However, ignoring external advice about the safety of our services could put some children's lives at risk, something the trust is simply not prepared to do." The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health has been asked to carry out a service review and to make recommendations about how it can be made safe. The process is expected to last 10 weeks, he said. In the meantime, staff are looking at ways of setting up a minor injuries service to deal with broken bones and sprains. University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust took over the County Hospital in October last year, after the previous trust was declared clinically and financially unviable. The now-defunct Mid Staffordshire NHS Foundation Trust was fined Â£500,000 last year after admitting four charges over the deaths of elderly people, between 2005 and 2014.
The 24-year-old was one of three Pakistan players jailed in November 2011 for conspiring to bowl deliberate no-balls against England in 2010. He was banned for five years, but returned in January last year. "He made a mistake and he paid a price for that mistake and as far as we're concerned that's over," Bowden said. "It is as straightforward as that, there've been one or two other cases with players that have had a history and we've taken the same view. "It was a relatively straightforward, not an easy choice and one has to think about it, but he paid a price and therefore he should be free to go on and further his career and enjoy his life." When he arrives next June, Amir will bolster a bowling line-up that has seen Graham Napier and David Masters retire after helping Essex win the County Championship Division Two title this year. "He's going to bring pace, he's going to bring experience and I hope he brings some ambition," Bowden added. "Our ambition is to do well in Division One, to stay in Division One, and to do well in white-ball cricket. "He's going to have a big impact in the second half of the season in four-day, and for the entire Twenty20 competition."
The church at Tabgha is built where Christians believe Jesus performed the miracle of the loaves and fishes, also known as the Feeding of the 5,000. Hebrew graffiti found on a wall is thought to indicate the attack may have been the work of Jewish extremists. Police detained 16 teenagers for questioning but later released them. Spokeswoman Luba Samri told the AFP news agency that they were freed "with no conditions attached, after being interviewed and giving statements". The BBC's Kevin Connolly in Jerusalem says Tabgha is a sacred site to the many thousands of Christian pilgrims who visit the Holy Land every year. The arson attack on the Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes caused extensive damage to a book shop and other buildings at the complex but did not destroy the 5th Century mosaic floors which are its key archaeological feature. Two people who had been staying at the complex were also taken to hospital suffering from smoke inhalation. A verse from a Hebrew prayer denouncing the worship of "idols" was found spray-painted in red on a wall of the church. Our correspondents say the graffiti will suggest to many that the attack is part of a sporadic campaign by a small group of right-wing Jewish extremists against non-Jewish targets in Israel, but police said it was too early to tell. "The torching of the church is a cowardly and despicable act which contradicts Israel's basic values," Internal Security Minister Gilad Erdan said in a statement. The Israeli pressure group, Rabbis for Human Rights, says there have been 43 hate crime attacks on churches, mosques and monasteries in Israel and the occupied West Bank since 2009, Reuters news agency reports.
The former "It Girl" and reality TV star said she began receiving treatment in January for a non-malignant growth in her pituitary gland. Ms Palmer-Tomkinson, 44, told the Daily Mail: "I got terribly frightened. I started thinking, 'I'm going to die.'" The tumour has been successfully reduced by the treatment, she said. Ms Palmer-Tomkinson said the tumour was discovered after she went for blood tests after feeling ill in the summer of 2015. She said: "'I actually feel very lucky. My growth was non-malignant but it affected the production of prolactin. I've been with people who have malignant brain tumours so I don't want to be like, 'Hey look at me'. "I have been - touch wood - luckier. I've taken medication and, thankfully, it seems to have gone away for now." The pituitary is a pea-sized gland on the underside of the brain which controls the release of hormones in the body. A prolactinoma is normally a benign, slow-growing tumour in the pituitary gland, but its effect on the secretion of the hormone prolactin can cause infertility. Ms Palmer-Tomkinson was also diagnosed with an auto-immune condition, which causes tiredness, joint pain and acute anaemia. Having been treated for cocaine addiction in the past, she has criticised media coverage which had blamed her frailty on drugs. "That's always their take on it... cocaine. That was so many years ago. But not many people can contemplate Tara's life without it," she said.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar, Ireland's first gay PM, attended Sunday's event with his Canadian counterpart Justin Trudeau. The leaders also held talks, where they discussed a range of issues, including Brexit and abortion. Mr Varadkar and Mr Trudeau met for the first time when the Canadian prime minister visited Ireland in July. Mr Trudeau said the taoiseach was the first foreign leader to take part in a pride event in Canada. Speaking at a joint news conference after the bilateral talks, Mr Varadkar said he discussed the issue of abortion with Mr Trudeau. He stated that he wanted to hold a referendum on the Eighth Amendment in the first half of next year. The Eighth Amendment to the Irish constitution was passed in 1983 and granted a foetus equal right to life as its mother, effectively outlawing abortion.
President Putin signed a decree to make the award to the martial arts expert, who starred in Hollywood action thrillers during the 1990s. Seagal is friends with Mr Putin, who he has described as "one of the greatest world leaders". Mr Putin's spokesman said Seagal was known for his warm feelings towards Russia and his status as a famous actor was a reason to make him a citizen. Seagal made headlines when he described Russia's actions in Crimea, which it annexed in 2014, as "very reasonable". A keen guitarist, he played a concert there the same year. In 2013 Mr Putin reportedly proposed that Seagal be made an honorary consul of Russia in California and Arizona. The move would have made Seagal a potential intermediary between the White House and the Kremlin, Buzzfeed reported. The US refused. Seagal, whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia's far east, has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September. He said during the visit that he wanted to spend several months a year in the country, Russia's Tass news agency reported. Seagal follows other celebrities including French actor Gerard Depardieu, US mixed martial arts fighter Jeff Monson, US boxer Roy Jones and US snowboarder Vic Wild in taking Russian citizenship. Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade. The action star's movie credits include Under Siege and Flight of Fury and he has also starred in his own US reality TV show, Steven Seagal: Lawman.
In Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin, researchers say they looked at all evidence and found supplements did not boost the health of mothers and babies. But pregnant women should make sure they take folic acid and vitamin D, as well as eating a well-balanced diet, as per NHS guidelines, they add. Supplements-makers said some women were not getting enough nutrients. The researchers said folic acid had the strongest evidence to support its use - taking 400 micrograms a day can protect against abnormalities called neural tube defects in the developing baby. Vitamin D - 10 micrograms a day - is recommended for healthy bones in the mother and baby. Some women can get these two pills for free on the Healthy Start scheme. A supplement that can be dangerous in pregnancy is vitamin A. Too much can harm the baby. The researchers said pregnant women might feel coerced into buying expensive multivitamins in order to give their baby the best start in life. But they would do well to resist the marketing claims, which did not seem to translate into better outcomes for mother or baby, they said. "The only supplements recommended for all women during pregnancy are folic acid and vitamin D, which are available at relatively low cost," they said. Janet Fyle, from the Royal College of Midwives, said: "We would encourage women who are pregnant or are thinking of becoming pregnant to have a healthy, varied diet including fresh fruit and vegetables, alongside taking folic acid supplements. "We would also stress that there is no need for pregnant women to 'eat for two'. "This is a myth, and all that is required is a normal balanced amount of food." The Health Food Manufacturers' Association, which represents the food supplements industry, insists that a substantial proportion of women of child-bearing age are not getting enough nutrients from diet alone. The industry-funded Health Supplements Information Service said food supplements could help plug dietary gaps.
And the Ibrox boss is amazed the word "crisis" is being used in the media. "We've played 14, drawn one, lost one - if that's a crisis then there's a crisis in football," said Warburton. "At the start teams saw how we play, it's quite natural then to put eight, nine, 10 men behind the ball - teams will do what they have to do to win." He added:  "That's not a criticism, but we have to deal with it and it's tough to break down compact, solid defences of that number of men." Despite winning their first 10 Scottish Championship matches, their run was broken by Hibernian at the start of this month when they lost 2-1 at Easter Road. But Warburton played down accusations that their goal-scoring has dried up, and pointed to their goal difference of 31 after 14 games, which he said speaks volumes about the potency of his squad. "Other teams have gone on a very, very good run of form and teams who dropped points at the start of the season have put a run together," he said. "All credit to them as it's hard to put a run together at any time in football. So I don't think it's Rangers' form dipping, it's other teams improving. "If we are 10, 11 or 12 points clear and we lose three games of football, while the other teams win their games, then I would agree (there is a crisis). Rangers currently sit level with Hibernian on points at the Championship summit, topping the table on goal difference, but have a game in hand over the Edinburgh outfit. The two meet next at Ibrox on 28 December and, while it is on his radar, Warburton said they will not take their eye off the ball in preparation for that clash. "I think it's dangerous to do that, and that's the natural outlook I understand that perfectly and everyone will be saying all eyes are on the 28th, but I think we've got to look at the fact that that's a banana skin - you've got to watch games in between. "There's no point focussing on the game four or five weeks ahead if you drop points in the meantime." Striker Martyn Waghorn, meanwhile, who has scored 17 goals in Rangers' 14 league fixtures, is not worried about finding the net. "We've not been as clinical in front of goal or not scored as many goals as we could have, but that's down to other teams sitting in more defensively, holding their shape and making it difficult for us," he said. "But we've only lost one game and everyone is saying we're going through a slump - that's crazy, but something we've got to deal with. "It gives us a challenge on a Saturday, how to break teams down and find different ways to score." Waghorn believes the current pressure is simply part and parcel of playing for Rangers; he too welcomes the competition at the top of the Championship. "Hibs are level with us now and it's going to be a challenge to see if they can keep up so let's see how it pans out the next weeks," he added.
There were 1,500 earthquakes recorded in Edinburgh and the Lothians over the same period. The largest earthquake in the Lothians was in Rosewell on 9 October 1986 with a 2.8 magnitude on the Richter Scale. Among the other areas with the most geological activity were Clackmannanshire and Dumfries. A seismometer at the Royal Observatory in Edinburgh records earthquakes within a 30km (19 miles) radius. More recently there was a 2.2 magnitude earthquake recorded in Penicuik in Midlothian on 13 November 2014. There were two 2.3 magnitude earthquakes in Penicuik on 30 November and 9 December 2007. Davie Galloway, British Geological Survey seismologist, told the BBC Scotland news website, that an earthquake over 2 magnitude would feel like a lorry passing your house and it would make windows rattle. He said: "People think we don't get earthquakes because we are not on the edge of a plate but we do. "Although we sit on the middle of a plate on the earth's crust we still have earthquakes although not on the same magnitude as for example Japan. "We also get them in old mining areas. If the stress exceeds the strength of the rock then it can create an earthquake." The largest-known earthquake to ever hit the UK had a magnitude of 6.1 on 7 June 1931 in the North Sea. It was felt across most of Britain with damage reported from 71 different places. Ben Flanagan at Esri UK, said: "We wanted to examine where Scotland's earthquakes occurred to see if any patterns emerged and uncover the myth that the country doesn't get that many. "Modern mapping techniques enabled us to plot all 10,000 across the UK and reveal Scotland's areas of highest seismic activity."
Known for its beaches and cricket - its national sport - the former British colony has a dual heritage: English - evident in its stone-built Anglican churches and Saturday race meetings - and African, reflected in its music and dance. Country profiles compiled by BBC Monitoring Barbados is one of the more populous and prosperous Caribbean islands. Political, economic and social stability have given it one of the highest standards of living in the developing world. As well as being a centre for financial services, it also has offshore reserves of oil and natural gas. However, the economy took something of a knock in the wake of the 2008 global financial crisis. The country's public debt rose sharply in 2009-11, mainly because of a slowdown in the tourism and financial services sectors. Prior to the economic crisis there was a construction boom, with new hotels and housing complexes springing up. The trend accelerated as the island prepared to host some of the key Cricket World Cup matches in 2007. However, a shortage of jobs has prompted many Barbadians - more often known as Bajans - to find work abroad. The money that they send home is an important source of income. Most Barbadians are the descendants of African slaves who were brought to the island from the 17th century to work the sugar cane plantations. Limestone caverns, coral reefs and a warm climate tempered by trade winds are among the island's natural assets. Barbados is relatively flat, with highlands in the interior.
Some see in this the potential for a new era in Russian-French relations. Maybe not the strategic alliance of old, but certainly an end to the modern-day chill. Events have certainly moved quickly. A year ago France was in the middle of a nasty spat over warships which it was refusing to sell to Vladimir Putin. For France, the Russian leader was a destabilising presence on Europe's eastern borders. EU sanctions - intended to contain Russian ambitions in Crimea and Ukraine - had full French backing. Today there are more pressing concerns. In the wake of the Paris attacks, President Hollande had a vision of a single, united international coalition - the nations of the world working together to eradicate IS. Realities have since deflated that ambition. The Americans and the Russians are not going to work together any time soon. And the Turko-Russian crisis over the downed Sukhoi Russian warplane is a further complication. But still, the French want as many countries on side as possible. And the Russians - by dint of their military presence in Syria - are a major player. As one diplomatic official told Le Monde: "Right now we are probably more prepared to work with the Russians than Barack Obama is." President Hollande has two goals in his talks with Vladimir Putin. First he wants to persuade Russia to direct its airstrikes away from the "moderate" Syrian opposition and onto targets belonging to IS. Second, he wants a firmer understanding that Russia will not stick indefinitely behind Bashar al-Assad. The French feel they have made a significant change in policy by de-prioritising the removal of the Syrian leader. It took a good deal of pride-swallowing to make the concession, because until two weeks ago Paris was President Assad's greatest scourge. But there is only so far that the French will go down this line. And they feel Russia should also give some slack. There are a number of factors in favour of a rapprochement. First of all, Russia has itself now come face-to-face with IS terrorism - with the destruction of the tourist plane from Sharm el-Sheikh. This has jolted perceptions in Moscow, for which IS is now a designated enemy. Second, Russia has every interest in cultivating Paris as a new friend. Straight after the Paris attacks, Mr Putin ordered his military to co-ordinate with the French in the campaign against IS - an unprecedented act given that France is in Nato. The Russian leader was effusive with compassion, and even sent a dog - Dobrynya - to replace Diesel the French special forces Alsatian who was killed in the raid in Saint Denis. It was all very deliberate, because there is nothing the Russians would like more than to lure the French out of the American-Western orbit. In the geopolitics departments of Russian universities - and some French ones too - this is regarded as a historically-determined necessity. France and Russia, after all, are two great nations lying at either end of the European continent - with a shared interest in preventing its domination either by outsiders (the US) or insiders (Germany). Throughout the last three centuries the two countries have been periodic allies - notably in the run-up to World War One. But also President Charles de Gaulle himself - though viscerally anti-Communist - kept his distance from the Americans by flirting with the Soviet Union. What could be more natural - say Kremlin insiders - than for France to resume its natural role, triangulating between Washington and Moscow? But tempting as this might sound to some in France, there is no geostrategic shift in the offing. For one thing the French do not trust Vladimir Putin. For another, the two countries still have opposing visions on too many key issues. France will never abandon Ukraine. And in the Middle East, France's allies are the Gulf states and Saudi Arabia - not the Shia axis backed by Russia. There is a concordance of interests bringing Paris and Moscow together. With luck, this will help in the battle against IS. But there is no new alliance.
The authority said relocating the station could generate up to 6,500 more jobs and bring in hundreds of millions of pounds in business rates. The figures emerged after a Freedom of Information request by BBC Look North. An HS2 spokeswoman said the Meadowhall site provided "significantly better connections to more people and places". Figures show that the council spent £78,090 on an assessment of the case for a city centre station, £25,525 on "understanding the economic impact relocating the station and £6,000 on a business breakfast with HS2 representatives. A Sheffield City Council said: "The differences in predicted economic impact between a city centre or an out-of-town parkway location are vast. "A city centre station will help connect Sheffield to Leeds and Manchester to help create the 'Northern Powerhouse'. An out-of-town parkway station will be a massive economic opportunity lost. " It was announced in 2013 that a new station linking Sheffield with London and Birmingham via the HS2 high-speed rail network would be situated at Meadowhall shopping centre. Katherine Button, of HS2 Ltd,  said: "The Sheffield Meadowhall station is the best location to serve the wider South Yorkshire region. "We have scrutinised other options including a city centre site, but Meadowhall provides significantly better connections to more people and places across the region and at a lower cost, and provides the quickest onward journey times to Leeds, Newcastle and Scotland. "That is why the majority of Sheffield City Region authorities, as well as Leeds City Region and East Midlands authorities support Meadowhall, and are keen to see faster progress in the coming months. "The final decision will come from the Government and we anticipate an announcement will be made later this year."
Aidan, 16, who was born female, claims he was effectively excluded because Hereford Cathedral School refused to let him wear a boy's uniform. This was despite the support of his mother and the family's GP as he began his transition. The action is being taken under the 2010 Equality Act. The school said it would defend its position. Aidan said that when he came out as a boy his mother was "definitely heartbroken". "I feel like she had dreams of seeing her daughter getting married and having children," he said. "She definitely needed time to mourn and I needed to let her have that time." Source: Department for Education, The Equality Act 2010 and schools When he told the school he did not want to be addressed as a girl or wear girl's clothes, he claims staff said it was a "phase" that he would grow out of. He said he was told he was "attention seeking". "They didn't really take it seriously," he added. Mother Jackie described the school's treatment as "appalling". "They made my child out to be a freak and someone who would contaminate other students," she claimed. A letter from Aidan's mother to the school's chair of governors says she had no choice but to remove her son from the school after being told the school was "inadequately prepared to accommodate Aidan's needs and give him the high level of support and pastoral care that he deserves". The legal action is currently ongoing through the courts. It is understood part of the school's defence claims Aidan was withdrawn from the school by his family, prior to a final decision being made by them about whether his needs could be met. In a statement Hereford Cathedral School said: "The continued happiness, wellbeing and safety of our pupils is the top priority. "The family's grievances against the school are the subject of current legal proceedings. For that reason the school is unable to discuss any details relating to this matter at the present time, other than to state that it will defend its position in the proceedings." Note: The family wished to remain anonymous so names have been changed.
The American, who cannot be identified, said the therapy for Charlie Gard would be "treatment but not a cure". A decision whether to turn off his life support machines is being considered by the High Court. Connie Yates and Chris Gard want to take their son who has progressive muscle weakness to the US. A crowdfunding campaign for the trip is now less than £60,000 short of its £1.3m target. The judge is analysing medical evidence at a hearing in the Family Division before deciding what option is in Charlie's best interests. The neurologist who would oversee the treatment told the court that while Charlie was in the "terminal stage" of his illness, treating him would be compassionate. He said the therapy, which would be tried for six months, would provide a "small chance" of a meaningful improvement in Charlie's brain function. "[Charlie] may be able to interact. To smile. To look at objects," he said. Sophia Roper, representing Charlie's parents, also told the court there was "no evidence that he is on a regular basis in pain". Doctors at Great Ormond Street Hospital said the baby receives 24-hour care and should be allowed to die with dignity. But the couple, who live in London, believe seven-month-old Charlie may have a chance of surviving if he receives treatment abroad. "We just want to have our chance. It would never be a cure but it could help him live. If it saves him, amazing," Miss Yates said. "I want to save others. Even if Charlie doesn't make it through this, I don't ever want another mum and their child to go through this." Though born healthy in August, Charlie began to lose weight and strength by the time he was eight weeks old. He was admitted to Great Ormond Street in October after developing aspiration pneumonia and was diagnosed with mitochondrial depletion syndrome. Last month, his parents told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme they would continue to fight for their child's survival. They said: "He can move his mouth, he can move his hands. He can't open them fully, but he can still open his eyes and see us, in response to us." An online campaign raised an initial £1.2m, but an extra £100,000 is now needed to help pay fees on the GoFundMe website and extend Charlie's stay in America. While it is free to host a campaign on GoFundMe.com, fees are deducted from each donation. In the UK 5% of each donation goes towards supporting GoFundMe, while 2.68% is charged for processing fees plus VAT. Those paying towards UK-based campaigns from outside the European Economic Area can expect up to 9.48% of their donation to go towards these fees, the website says. Charlie is thought to be just one of 16 children in the world to have mitochondrial depletion syndrome. Earlier this month, a spokesperson for Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust said it had "exhausted" all proven treatment options. "We cannot imagine how hugely distressing this is for his family," they added. "We continue to support them in every way we can, while advocating, what we believe, is best for Charlie."
Three-quarters of Scotland's top-flight clubs have told BBC Scotland they would consider a move to summer football. But Doncaster says the amount of games played and international tournaments have to be taken into consideration. "We are effectively playing for 11 months and using pretty much every date we can in that period," he explained. "We currently start in July and finish in May. The missing month is the one the World Cup and European Championship takes place in. Media playback is not supported on this device "The key question is do we want to be playing games at a time when a World Cup or European Championship is going on? "If we want to go head-to-head with those major tournaments, that's a decision we can make but we should make it in an informed way and understand what that really means." The chief executive also highlighted the possible economic impact of changing the Scottish season. "I think we need to look at other league formats that result in fewer games and that might create more flexibility to take games out of the worst of the winter weather," he said. "I think most managers would agree that we play too many games but the problem with shortening the season is the knock-on impact on income, so it's much easier said than done. "We can't simply create a winter break if we are using 11 months at the moment. We played seven [rounds of Premiership] games in January this year, not because we wanted to but because of the constraints. "Unless there is a debate around how many games we play and the league structure, there is very little scope to alter the current calendar." Scottish Football Association chief executive Stewart Regan was asked about summer football at his organisation's annual general meeting on Wednesday and described it as "an interesting concept". "We are discussing a raft of matters relating to the fixture calendar," he said. "We [Scotland] play Ireland on Saturday night and [Scottish clubs'] first Europa League qualifier is [in early July]. "The traditional close season has gone and it's important to consider how we move towards a mid-season break rather than summer football. "So you would have two half-seasons with a gap in the middle. It's important for players to have down time and holidays and that we're managing international and club fixtures side by side."
Sebastian Prodl is suspended while Christian Kabasele, Craig Cathcart and Younes Kaboul are all out injured. Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany should be fit despite being substituted during the 3-1 win over West Brom. John Stones has also recovered from a groin strain and could replace Nicolas Otamendi in defence. Steve Wilson: "Pep Guardiola's been saying some interesting things this week. Firstly that his side's performance this season would have got him sacked at the kind of club he's been accustomed to working at. "Then he asked an interviewer to give him one good reason to think that the English league is anything special compared to Spain, Italy and Germany. "I'm certainly not saying that Guardiola is wrong - just that it's odd that he was willing to say this stuff. You might interpret it as a pointed signal to those he works with at City to up their game if they want to get to his level. "Speaking of managers, Walter Mazzarri has been told to pack his bags with Watford issuing a statement remarkable only for its brevity. "The Hornets are on their longest losing streak in nine years - should they lose again on Sunday it will be their longest for 44 years. Enough said." Twitter: @Wilsonfooty Watford head coach Walter Mazzarri: "I would like to thank the main characters of this season - the players and the fans. "Our fans have always been extraordinary with their participation and with their fantastic passion for the whole season. "Also I thank the players, who have always given 200 per cent of what they had, always going further and pushing their limits." Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola: "It's a crucial game for us absolutely - a final. It's in our hands. We have to go there and win. We have won three in a row but we still have 95, 96 minutes to fight. "Watford have had a good season. They are safe. We have to be careful. "We are going to make changes [in the summer]." I had been wondering for a while what was going to happen to Watford boss Walter Mazzarri, and it was no surprise when it was announced this week that he will be leaving. I think the Hornets will play well in his farewell game but I still think Manchester City will get the win they need to secure third place. Prediction: 0-3 Lawro's prediction v rock band Royal Blood. Head-to-head Watford Manchester City SAM (Sports Analytics Machine) is a super-computer created by @ProfIanMcHale at the University of Salford that is used to predict the outcome of football matches.
Two other boys, aged 15 and 16, were assaulted and required treatment. Police were called to reports of a large number of teenage boys involved in a disturbance at Auchinairn Gardens in Bishopbriggs at about 00:05. The 16-year-old who was seriously assaulted was treated at Glasgow Royal Infirmary and later released. Police are seeking witnesses to the incident. Det Sgt Jas Juttla said: "Inquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding this disturbance and I would appeal to any witnesses to come forward."
Dubbed Nuit Debout (Up All Night), it is a self-styled "popular assembly" in which participants share views about politics and the state of the world. As night descends, the speakers stand patiently in line and, turn by turn, take the microphone for their allotted five minutes. Before them, sitting in twos and threes on paving stones, the young audience responds with the occasional cheer or boo. Not that there is a huge amount to react to. The speeches are rambling and platitudinous. One orator says the essence behind society should be "values" - but she does not say which. Another urges an end to hierarchy - "no more pride, no more ego - just ideas". A third wants to speak of human rights abuses in the Democratic Republic of Congo. One theme that recurs is the need to tolerate divergences of opinion. This is significant. Two nights previously, one of France's best-known philosophers - a man who a generation ago would have himself been at the mike - was spat on and told to leave. Both speakers and listeners appear to be mainly students - an impression confirmed by a tour of the various "stands". The feminists are in a large huddle, and I am asked not to take photographs. Elsewhere, a screen shows a laborious film made by a woman who took a job distributing junk mail and wants to expose the exploitation. There is a group of anti-speciesists, and a "TV studio" (TV Debout!) consisting of a camera and white sheet and a lap-top. No-one is using it. Someone has planted a minuscule vegetable patch beneath a tree (Jardin Debout!). One banner calls for a new French constitution. Another proclaims the "convergence des luttes" - the ultimate left-wing dream: the coming together of all the struggles. It is like wandering through a university campus during a sit-in. The same mixture of wide-eyed joy and po-faced earnestness. The same thrashing out of texts that no-one will read. The same evanescent self-importance. All of which would be perfectly unexceptionable, were it not for the fact that - this being France - the Nuit Debout movement has been accorded a public status that it does not remotely deserve. The  media - with rare exceptions - have been predictably breathless in their reporting of this "democratic awakening". The impression is put about that la jeunesse (the youth) is once again - as in May 1968 - doing a service to society by reclaiming debate from a decrepit political establishment. Worse, the politicians themselves go along with this myth. No-one dares say boo to a "popular manifestation" that borrows its imagery from the country's revolutionary past. Even some right-wing politicians have said they are "solidaire". The crowning irony is that - in the face of la jeunesse en colere (angry youth) - the Socialist government has already made major concessions. The origin of Nuit Debout was the protest movement against Prime Minister Manuel Valls's vaguely pro-business new labour law. But under pressure from President Hollande (who is petrified by the prospect of youth on the streets), Valls has not just removed the more contentious clauses - he has also offered 500 million euros a year in new grants for the young. There is even talk now of extending welfare payments that normally kick in at 25  to 18-year-olds - even though the cost of that would be a ruinous six billion euros a year. This in a country committed - supposedly - to bringing down its deficit of 70 billion euros. In reality, Hollande has made a very political calculation. Though protests against the labour law will no doubt continue, their bite has been removed. The threat is over, and he can keep alive - for now - the fiction that he will be the left's natural candidate in next year's presidential race. Meanwhile, the Nuit Debout movement will remain as a dwindling, harmless legacy of the president's last bid to reform. Harmless, because the Place de la Republique protesters are now static, tame and increasingly absorbed in their utopian irrelevance. But the deeper lesson of the episode is more troubling. France is a country prone to self-deception. Its obsession with the symbols of a revolutionary past blinds it to the realities of an undesired present. Movements like Nuit Debout sustain the delusion that left-wing ideas are thriving. They are not. The country is increasingly moving to the populist right - not least out of exasperation at a discredited orthodoxy.
The Heritage Lottery Fund has awarded the funding to Cwm Community Action Group of Betws-y-Coed to help create the Snowdonia Slate Trail. It comes as Gwynedd council bids to secure World Heritage Site status for the region's slate villages. The pathway, which will use existing rights of way, will also gather stories about the area's rich history. The Snowdonia Slate Trail will start at Porth Penrhyn, near Bangor, and pass through a number of villages including Bethesda, Ffestiniog, Penmachno, Capel Curig and Betws-y-Coed. A Snowdonia National Park Authority spokesman said: "This new route will be of benefit not only to walkers who wish to walk short distances, but also for long distance walkers, encouraging them to stay in the area over several days which in turn will be of great benefit to the local economy." The total cost of the project is £85,000, and funding has also come from Magnox, Ffestiniog and Bethesda town councils, the Snowdonia National Park Authority's Cae Fund and the community fund in Wales. The walkway is due to be completed in October 2017.
The 21-year-old, who arrived from Dinamo Zagreb in the summer, last featured in the 3-1 victory over St Johnstone on 23 January. Simunovic, who missed Sunday's League Cup semi-final defeat by Ross County, also had a spell on the sidelines in the first half of the season. Kris Commons is close to a return from a muscle injury. The midfield playmaker, 32, has missed the last three matches and manger Ronny Deila said Wednesday's visit to Aberdeen "would probably be too soon" for a return. Celtic captain Scott Brown made his first appearance in two months as a late substitute at the weekend.
The 65-year-old was detained 10 years ago on suspicion of the rape and murder of Stuart Lubbock in Essex. Mr Barrymore, who was not present for the High Court decision, values his claim at more than Â£2.4m. Essex Police said there were still "unanswered" questions over Mr Lubbock's death. Michael Barrymore: How the British TV king lost his crown A figure for the damages to be paid to Mr Barrymore - whose real name is Michael Parker - is yet to be set. Mr Barrymore was arrested in 2007 in connection with the 31-year-old's death. Mr Justice Stuart-Smith, sitting in London on Friday, ruled against the force, which had argued Mr Barrymore should only receive a nominal payout. The judge did not decide on the sum to be awarded, as his ruling dealt only with the preliminary issue of the level of damages to be awarded to Mr Barrymore. The case centred on whether Essex Police had reasonable grounds to lawfully arrest Mr Barrymore. While Mr Justice Stuart-Smith found there was "information available to the police that could have provided an arresting officer with reasonable grounds for a lawful arrest" the one officer with sufficient information to carry it out was not there at the time the entertainer was arrested. That officer was stuck in traffic at the time, Essex Police said. As a result, said Mr Justice Stuart-Smith, the arrest was unlawful and Mr Barrymore was therefore "entitled to recover more than nominal damages". During a previous hearing, a lawyer for Mr Barrymore told how the arrest had affected his client. Hugh Tomlinson QC said Mr Barrymore, the former host of My Kind Of People and Strike it Lucky, was never charged with any offence and the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) later made it "crystal clear" there was no basis for any charges. He said Mr Barrymore remained convinced that Mr Lubbock's injuries were not caused at his home but he did not know what happened. He added: "This arrest was made without any proper evidential foundation. "However, the fact that it had happened, and the worldwide publicity it received, destroyed the claimant's career." In a statement issued after the High Court hearing, Essex Police said: "Today's judgement must not overshadow the questions which are still unanswered for Mr Lubbock's family and friends. "Sixteen years on they still need to know what happened to Stuart on that night, how he was injured, and who is responsible for his death. "A small number of people know the answers to those questions and over the years loyalties change and somebody may want to help us at this time."
Patrick Joseph Connors, 59, his son Patrick Dean Connors, 39, and nephew William Connors, 36, denied requiring a person to perform forced or compulsory labour between 2010 and 2013. They were convicted by a jury at Cardiff Crown Court on Tuesday. Connors senior was jailed for 14 years, Patrick Dean for six-and-a-half years and William for four years. Patrick Joseph Connors' son-in-law Lee Carbis, 34, who was cleared of forced labour, but found guilty of kidnap, was jailed for two-and-a-half years. Catrin Evans, of the Crown Prosecution Service in Wales, said the men were guilty of "exploiting and controlling" their vulnerable victim in a "callous manner over a prolonged period of time". 'Modern slavery' victim 'emotionally broken' The Connors kept Michael Hughes, 46, in "appalling conditions" in south Wales and paid him less than £10 a day for years. He said: "I am over the moon at today's verdict. Both myself and my family can now move on and I am so happy to have my life back - a life that I never knew existed. "Those people stole my life but the outcome of today's trial means that they will now face the justice that they deserve." Judge Neil Bidder QC said the three Connors, who operated a tarmacking business based at a farm in Rumney, treated their victims as little more than objects. He said: "All the offences which you, Patrick Joseph Connors, have been convicted of are examples of conduct designed to keep two vulnerable men in what can only be described as modern-day slavery - in the case of Michael John Hughes, for 21 years. "By the end of that time he had been completely conditioned to being used by you as a serf." The court heard over the course of the trial, Patrick Joseph Connors forced Mr Hughes to work for him for long hours, paying him tiny sums or just with alcohol and tobacco. Mr Hughes was "hunted down" when he escaped and beaten "all the time", he said in evidence. He was made to live in "appalling conditions", including in a 1.2m (4ft)-wide garden shed with no heating or running water for two years. The court heard the only respite came when Mr Hughes was sent back to Scotland for unpaid fines and jailed. He said prison was "like a holiday camp" compared to his ordeal in Wales. Connors senior was also convicted of eight counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH), four of kidnap and one charge of conspiracy to kidnap, while Patrick Dean Connors was also found guilty of kidnap. The jury was told to return not guilty verdicts on a charge of conspiracy to kidnap against Patrick Dean Connors and another of assault against William Connors. Gwent Police's Ch Supt Paul Griffiths, who led the investigation, said: "These types of crimes have a lasting effect on the victims - it is not just the physical degradation, it's psychological too. It causes deep and long-lasting trauma."
The General Penitentiary of Venezuela in central Guarico state was closed in October after violent clashes between inmates. The bodies, which are in an advanced state of decomposition, were found during works to refurbish the jail. So far none of the remains have been identified. The grave was discovered on Thursday and the number of bodies found since has risen from seven to 14. Forensic experts are continuing with their search and have not ruled out finding more bodies buried on the prison grounds. On Friday, prison minister Iris Varela wrote on Twitter that she had contacted the relatives of two inmates to ask for their help identifying the remains. The two prisoners disappeared when inmates were relocated from the General Penitentiary of Venezuela to other jails in October. An estimated 9,000 prisoners were locked up in the jail near the town of San Juan de los Morros prior to its closure, according to non-governmental organisation A Window on Freedom. The NGO says Venezuelan jails are woefully overcrowded and that last year 173 inmates died while in custody. But Ms Varela told Venezuelan state broadcaster VTV that the country had taken huge steps to improve the conditions of its prisons. She said that all of the country's women's and youth prisons had been brought up to new standards set by the Venezuelan government. "This is an achievement without precedent of the Bolivarian Revolution and the government of our president, Nicolas Maduro," she said. She said that President Maduro had asked her in 2014 to "impose maximum discipline" in Venezuelan jails. "Well, here I am fulfilling the president's orders," she said. She did not refer further to the remains found except to say that forensic tests were being carried out.
"The Turks", he said, had "decided to lick the Americans in a certain place". He was giving his wide-ranging annual news conference. Touching on next year's US presidential election, the Russian leader called Donald Trump a "very colourful, talented person" and the "absolute frontrunner in the presidential race". Mr Putin is now into his third term as president since 2000, battling an economic crisis. Critics say civil liberties have been steadily eroded under his rule. He remains one of the world's most recognisable politicians, and has topped the list of The World's Most Powerful People compiled by Forbes magazine for the third year running. On other issues raised at the news conference, President Putin Russia deployed its air force to Syria in September in support of President Bashar al-Assad and has been carrying out air strikes on his opponents. Its intervention has been heavily criticised by Turkey, the US and Gulf Arab states. Mr Putin said the downing of the Russian jet by Turkish warplanes on the Syria-Turkey border was a "hostile act" but Russia was "not the country" to run away. He said he saw "no prospect" of ties improving with Turkey - which Russia has put under sanctions - under its current leaders. There was, he said, a "creeping Islamisation of Turkey that would have Ataturk rolling in his grave". The remark appeared to be aimed at President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whose AKP party, with its Islamist roots, has been accused of seeking to dismantle the secular state founded by Kemal Ataturk. Mr Putin said Turkish officials should have picked up the phone to talk to Russia about their concerns that air strikes in Syria were hitting Turkmen rebels. Vladimir Putin: Russia's action man president Ever noticed that Russian President Vladimir Putin has an unusual walking style? He does not swing his right arm much at all when he walks - instead all the movement is on the left side of the body, giving him a very distinct lop-sided gait. A team of European neurologists analysed countless YouTube videos of the president and other top Russian officials to find out why. They discovered that they all had a similar gait, and it is probably linked to their KGB military training which requires them to keep their weapons close to their chest or in the right hand, giving them time to draw a gun on an unexpected enemy. As a result, only the left arm moves freely. So President Putin officially has a "gunslinger's gait" - but doctors should be aware that a reduced right arm swing can also be an early sign of Parkinson's disease too, the British Medical Journal research says. Is there such a thing as a 'hard man' walk? Mr Putin insisted his country's economy was recovering. While oil prices had fallen sharply, he said, manufacturing had shown slight growth and there was a healthy trade balance in agriculture. "Our economy depends on oil and gas prices, we expected Brent to be worth $100 per barrel, but then it was $50, but this was an optimistic prediction too, our forecasts have to be amended again," Mr Putin said. "GDP is falling, inflation is 12.3%, incomes, investment are falling too but the peak of the economic crisis is over." Mr Putin is known for his marathon performances at his news conferences, where he frequently uses hard-hitting, colourful language. This year's event lasted three hours and seven minutes - three minutes shorter than last year's. The record for a Putin news conference was set in 2008, at four hours 40 minutes. Putin's Ukraine 'admission': Analysis by Olexiy Solohubenko, BBC News "We never said there were no people there who were carrying out certain tasks, including in the military sphere," President Putin told the annual news conference. It is an important admission. After months of denial, insisting that the only Russians fighting in eastern Ukraine were either "volunteers" or "army servicemen on holidays", Mr Putin now says Russian military personnel are on the ground and are involved in the fighting. He still maintains "there are no Russian troops there" and insists there is a difference. However the distinction may be very blurred for Ukrainian soldiers facing the Russian-backed separatists and Russian military personnel, as has now been admitted. Whether the Russian servicemen are attached to the separatist units, or are there as commanders, trainers or advisers and are not on the ground as regular units, is in many ways a technicality. What President  Putin has admitted is that Russia is present in eastern Ukraine and is engaged in military activity. It may be stating the obvious, but the way this admission has been made is not new. For many months, President Putin denied Russian troops being involved in the takeover of the Crimea - he called the heavily armed soldiers seen there in modern uniforms without insignia, dubbed "green men", a local self-defence force. But earlier this year, he told Russian TV that he had instructed his special forces (spetsnaz) to get directly involved in the annexation.
The former England Under-19 international made four appearances last season as the Belles were promoted from Women's Super League Two. "I have tried so hard to get back but my legs just won't go," she said in a message posted on Twitter. "Unfortunately, this disease cannot be beaten and has taken my dream." Belles manager Glen Harris said: "It is sad that a young player, with the talent Ash has, has had to stop playing at the top level. "Ash has been a pleasure to work with, always turning up and training with a smile on her face... even if it's not always in the right kit!" Mills added: "My three years with the club have been absolutely fantastic. "I have enjoyed every minute of my time here. I feel very honoured to have represented this great historic and successful club." Mills said she plans to cheer on the Belles from the stands. Doncaster start the new Women's Super League One season at home to reigning champions Chelsea on 24 March. Around 100,000 people in the United Kingdom have multiple sclerosis or MS, according to the Multiple Sclerosis Society. It is normally diagnosed in people between the ages of 20 and 40. Symptoms might include fatigue, vision problems and difficulties with walking, but MS is different for everyone. In MS, the protective layer surrounding nerve fibres in the brain and spinal cord - known as myelin - becomes damaged. The immune system mistakenly attacks the myelin, causing scarring or sclerosis. The damaged myelin disrupts the nerve signals - rather like the short circuit caused by a frayed electrical cable. If the process of inflammation and scarring is not treated, then eventually the condition can cause permanent neurodegeneration. Michelle Mitchell, chief executive of the MS Society, said: "MS is an unpredictable and challenging condition to live with and diagnosis can be upsetting and scary. The MS Society is here to help anyone affected by MS." MS Society helpline: 0808 800 8000.
Several gunmen stormed the Corinthia Hotel and opened fire in the reception area. A car bomb also exploded nearby. Unconfirmed reports say some of the assailants have blown themselves up. The officials say the dead include one US and one French citizen. The security forces say the stand-off has now been brought to an end. The US state department has confirmed the death of a US citizen, without giving any further details. The dead American is believed to have been a security contractor. The French national is reported to have been working for Libya's Buraq Air. There are conflicting reports as to the total number of attackers. A Twitter account linked to Islamic State said the militant group had carried out the attack. There has been strong evidence to suggest an IS presence in the eastern Libyan city of Derna since October, with a group there publicly declaring allegiance to its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. However, the command structure is still a mystery to most foreign observers. The BBC's Rana Jawad in Tripoli says that in the past month there has been a string of incidents in western Libya, including abductions and bombings, that have been claimed by IS social media accounts. But she says it has not been clearly established whether these groups are IS foot soldiers or people inspired by them. A civilian who witnessed the attack told the BBC: "I suddenly heard shots and saw people running towards me, and we all escaped from the back [of the hotel] through the underground garage. The hotel did a lockdown after that." Analysis: BBC's Rana Jawad in Tripoli The militant group Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack on the Corinthia Hotel, which was housing Omar al-Hassi, prime minister of Tripoli's self-proclaimed government, and the makeshift offices of an unknown number of foreign companies. Although this cannot be verified with absolute certainty, the brutality and style of the siege suggests it was the work of extremists targeting foreigners. Libya is in a state of political chaos with a security vacuum and there are few reliable sources with whom to check facts.  On a day when Tripoli witnessed this brazen and deadly attack, reporters were faced with statements from competing political blocs who seemingly tried to capitalise on the incident. Mr al-Hassi claimed he was the target. The elected government in the east will use it to make the case for broadening their crackdown on Islamist groups - which some blame for further radicalising some of them. What it has shown is that this lawless land is making it easy for extremist groups to mushroom. Different sources at the scene said there were between three and five attackers - footage released later on Tuesday showed the body of a man reported to be one of the militants. A security source told the BBC that one gunman had been arrested. Four security guards are among the dead and several people are reported to be injured. One hotel employee told the Associated Press news agency that the hotel was mostly empty at the time of the attack. Meanwhile, a hotel security source told the BBC that the hotel had received a threat "a few days ago" warning managers "to empty the building". Housing the few foreigners who remain in the Libyan capital has long been known to be risky, our correspondent says. The Corinthia Hotel is used by foreign diplomats, government officials and foreign companies. The UN Support Mission in Libya (Unsmil) has hosted several workshops at the hotel. Libyan internationally recognised Prime Minister Abdullah Al-Thinni condemned the attack and pledged that those responsible for it would be brought to justice. Federica Mogherini, the EU's foreign affairs chief, also condemned the attack which took place as a second round of peace talks between Libya's warring factions ended in Geneva in what the UN described as a "positive atmosphere". The Twitter account linked to IS said the group had carried out the attack in revenge for the death of Abu Anas al-Liby, a Libyan jihadist who was suspected of involvement in the bombings of two US embassies in East Africa in 1998. Liby died in a US hospital on 2 January, days before he was due to stand trial. Libya has been hit by instability since the overthrow of long-time ruler Col Muammar Gaddafi in October 2011. Numerous militias govern their own patches of territory, with competing governments in Tripoli and the east struggling to exercise control.
All are members of the Diocese of West Yorkshire and Dales Motorcycle Club, formed for clergy and lay motorcyclists. Ten bikes will start the trip on Monday from Leyburn in North Yorkshire. Reverend Michael Hepper from St Matthew's in Leyburn said it would be a "very different kind of retreat". The 725-mile round trip will begin with a 200-mile ride to Barnard Castle, over the moors to Hexham and through the Kielder Forest to Jedburgh and Edinburgh. The riders will continue to Fionnphort on the west coast of Scotland via the Trossachs and the Isle of Mull. The "pilgrimage" ends on the island of Iona, known as "the cradle of Christianity" because St Columba is said to have landed there by coracle from Ireland in AD563, bringing the Gospel. Mr Hepper said the trip would be "a spiritual experience and an adventure". Reverend Neal Lefroy-Owen, of St Hilda's, Halifax and St John's, Warley, said: "It's great to be able to share my love of riding with fellow Christians from the new diocese and to get to know them better." Reverend Canon Stephen Kelly - area dean of Wakefield and priest in charge of Woolley and West Bretton, Reverend Canon Paul Tudge of Farsley near Pudsey, and Reverend Vic Iwanuschak, Incumbent of All Saints Pontefract will also take part in the pilgrimage ride. Five lay riders and four pillion passengers will accompany them.
"After much soul-searching, it is clearly time for us to live by Michael's words about love not war," wrote Jermaine, in a statement. Jermaine also withdrew his support for a leaked letter which calls on executors of the estate to resign. On Thursday his mother, Katherine, was reinstated as guardian of Michael's children along with his cousin, TJ. Days earlier, TJ became a temporary guardian for the three children amid reports Katherine, 82, was missing. Michael's siblings, Jermaine, Randy and Janet, are understood to have driven to the Jackson home and insisted they leave with Michael's three children. Police were called following a "minor scuffle". "Mistakes have been made and irrational things have been said on both sides in a highly charged emotional environment," Jermaine Jackson wrote in his statement. "It is time for us all to draw a line in the sand and move towards peace, co-operation, love and healing." 'Mutual suspicions' Katherine Jackson was on a 10-day spa trip to Arizona, when speculation arose about her whereabouts and her health. Prince Michael, 15, Paris, 14, and 10-year-old Prince Michael II (also called Blanket) have lived with the singer's mother since his death in 2009. Lawyers for the estate this week confirmed a number of unnamed relatives have been barred from visiting the Jackson family home. Writing in his statement about the confrontation at the Jackson family home on 23 July, Jermaine said "it was clear that mutual suspicions had allowed events to spiral out of control". "I regret that events were ever allowed to reach such a stage," he wrote. "I regret any distress caused to Prince, Paris and Blanket. That was never, ever the intention of myself, Janet, Rebbie or Randy." Michael Jackson's will left nothing to his siblings when he died aged 50 of an overdose of the anaesthetic propofol in June 2009. 'Overwhelmed' Janet, Randy, Jermaine and Rebbie are all understood to have signed a letter, which was leaked to the press, alleging the will was a fake and calling on executors of the estate to resign. The letter states the family was too overwhelmed at the time of the singer's death to meaningfully challenge the will that gave only Katherine Jackson and Michael's three children a stake in the estate. The estate has denied the accusations, saying they are "saddened" by "false and defamatory accusations". Any legal challenge to the will should have been filed within four months of the will's acceptance in November 2009.
Ambulance staff dealt with 2,184 calls between 19:00 on Hogmanay and 07:00 on New Year's Day. Additional crews, call handlers and dispatchers were on duty. The busiest time was from 01:00 to 04:00, with 739 calls. The new year total was 35 higher than the previous year. The Christmas period, from 23 to 27 December, saw a 10% increase on 2015. Scottish Ambulance Service chief executive Pauline Howie said: "The overall level of demand for our service over the festive period has exceeded previous years and Hogmanay was one of our busiest nights of the year."
Mr Morsi said he was not "calling for war", but that he would not allow Egypt's water supply to be endangered. Egypt was apparently caught by surprise when Ethiopia started diverting the Blue Nile last month, amid works to construct a hydroelectric dam. The river is a tributary of the Nile, on which Egypt is heavily dependent. The Great Ethiopian Renaissance Dam is a $4.7bn (Â£3.1bn) project that Ethiopia says will eventually provide 6,000 megawatts of power. It says the Blue Nile will be slightly diverted but will then be able to follow its natural course. "Egypt's water security cannot be violated at all," Mr Morsi said on Monday. "As president of the state, I confirm to you that all options are open." "If Egypt is the Nile's gift, then the Nile is a gift to Egypt,'' he said, quoting popular sayings about the river in an emotive televised speech. "The lives of the Egyptians are connected around it... as one great people. If it diminishes by one drop then our blood is the alternative." Analysts say Mr Morsi could be using the issue to distract attention from severe domestic political and economic challenges. Egypt is particularly dependant on water supply from the Nile, and its growing population has been placing that supply under increasing strain. Sudan is also reliant on Nile waters. Egypt cites a colonial era ruling to claim a right to the majority of the Nile's waters for itself and Sudan, but Ethiopia says the ruling is outdated. Mr Morsi said Egypt had no objection to development projects on Nile basin states, "but on condition that those projects do not affect or damage Egypt's legal and historical rights". Last week, Egyptian politicians were inadvertently heard on live TV proposing military action over the dam.
An independent Rugby Football League tribunal ruled on charges brought in April, and an independent body upheld the verdict on Thursday. Koukash told BBC Radio Manchester: "You start questioning 'is the sport with this governing body worth keeping my involvement in it and keep investing like I have been doing?'" Independent body Sports Resolutions also upheld Salford's fine of £5,000 for "seeking to avoid declaring payments" to one player and "non declaration of benefits" to two others. "I have no doubt whatsoever the RFL are out to get Salford at every opportunity as long as I'm involved in the club, and the six-point deduction is very harsh," continued Koukash. "It's as harsh as it was a couple of years ago when they deducted a couple of points from the club for fielding 14 players. "When we saw it a few weeks ago, Widnes did it twice and they got a fine, so we can see that they have been targeting Salford for quite a while. "That's probably due to the fact that I'm outspoken against them and they see me as a person who is not welcome in the sport. If that's the case then maybe I shouldn't be in the sport." After the Red Devils were initially charged in March, Koukash had promised "all-out war" if his club were punished by the RFL. In 2013, Salford were fined £5,000 and deducted two points for fielding 14 men during their 34-30 win over Castleford, while Widnes beat Hull FC 46-6 earlier this season when had an extra man on the field. When asked for a response to Koukash's comments, the RFL responded with the same statement released after Salford's appeal was rejected. "The independent body Sports Resolutions upheld the decision by an independent RFL tribunal to find Salford Red Devils guilty of breaching the salary cap in the 2014 and 2015 season," said the statement. "The tribunal found Salford guilty of the following: One of the main points of the appeal was that the independent tribunal found Salford guilty on undeclared payments which Koukash conceded were not registered. Wigan were the last club to be found in breach of the salary cap in 2007 and they were docked four points, compared to Salford's six. "What we couldn't get away from was yes, there were three undeclared payments dating back in 2013 and 2014, two of them for [helping the players pay] rent," added Koukash. "They could be argued due to admin or mismanagement - that's why we are getting the six points deduction, for breaking operational rules and not the salary cap itself. "If you add the three undeclared payments to our spend we do not go over the salary cap. I think it is unfair. Yes, we did not declare the payments, but is it a six-point deduction? No, it is not."
TV network NBC announced Sir Elton will host and perform on stage with fellow musical guest and collaborator Leon Russell on 2 April. It is the singer's first return to the show in nearly three decades. Meanwhile, Dame Helen will make her debut as host a week later with musical guests Foo Fighters. Sir Elton last appeared on Saturday Night Live in 1982 when he performed Empty Garden and Chain in a show hosted by Johnny Cash. He recorded his latest album, The Union, with American musician Russell. Dame Helen will be soon be seen on screens opposite Russell Brand in the remake of Dudley Moore film, Arthur. Brand also hosted the show for the first time last month. Saturday Night live is one of the longest-running programmes in the US with nearly 700 episodes broadcast over 36 series.
The full-back, 25, was hurt in Town's 3-1 defeat by Millwall on 9 April  - his first game since last December - and a scan has shown he needs surgery to repair ligaments. "It's disappointing - he's just got back into the side," assistant boss Mike Jackson told BBC Radio Shropshire. "Hopefully he'll get it sorted and be back playing as quickly as he can." Demetriou, who is out of contract in the summer, has made 50 appearances for Shrewsbury, scoring three goals, since joining from Kidderminster Harriers in June 2014. He spent the first half of this season on loan at Cambridge United and returned to the Shrews in January. Following last season's automatic promotion, Shrewsbury are trying to avoid an immediate return to League Two over their final six games. One point clear of the relegation zone, Town have a tough-looking start to their run-in with back-to-back home games against fourth-placed Bradford City and Sheffield United before trips to Gillingham, in sixth, and automatic-promotion chasers Walsall. Micky Mellon's side then finish with two games against mid-table sides - Peterborough, currently 14th and Swindon in 16th.
But the independent report voiced concern that no clear scientific, medical or social benefits had emerged from nearly one in 10 projects. It also said that in a minority of experiments, the justification for using monkeys was "not compelling". The review was led by Professor Sir Patrick Bateson. The current president of the Zoological Society of London was commissioned by the main bodies that fund medical research in Britain. They wanted him to assess whether the studies on non-human primates (NHPs) were necessary, high-quality and yielded significant advances in medical science. Animal welfare groups opposed to experimentation on monkeys called again for the practice to be banned outright.  They described Prof Bateson's review a "chilling insight into primate research". Although the proportion of monkeys used in research compared with other animals is low, less than 0.1%, there is concern that they suffer more than other species during experimentation, and so should only be used if those studies are expected to yield important medical benefits and if there is no other way of carrying out the research. The review suggested that this standard might not have been achieved in all cases.  "Not everything is rosy in the garden," Prof Bateson told reporters. He reviewed experiments on monkeys carried out between  January 1997 and December 2006. Just under 3,000 animals were used in experiments in that period. The bulk of the research focused on neuroscience. Research on great apes is not permitted in the UK and so monkeys provide the next best animal models to study the human brain. Researchers often cite the widespread prevalence of neurological disorders, such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, as a justification for research in this area. However, Prof Bateson said that the "size of the problem should not be accepted as the sole justification for individual areas of research". He added: "Funders and researchers should avoid overstating and generalising the medical benefit (of research on monkeys). Instead, statements should be based on the actual scientific basis for funding decisions." Considerable suffering Prof Bateson and his team looked at 31 neuroscience studies. Half of the experiments involved considerable animal suffering. These were assessed as having a high scientific value. But in most cases, according to Prof Bateson, there was "little direct evidence of medical benefit". He did concede, though, that there might not have been sufficient time for the advances gained in scientific understanding to be translated into new drugs or treatments. The report recommends a body to be set up to assess whether commissioned research will lead to improvements in healthcare. Prof Bateson's review found a few instances of research that caused a high degree of suffering, but was not judged to be the highest-quality science. One example was of UK-funded research on reproduction carried out overseas. It involved performing a hysterectomy in which the mother and its foetus were, in the words of the review, "compromised". The study was undertaken to train students and repeated a study that had been carried out a decade earlier. According to Prof Bateson, "it is not acceptable knowingly to fund work outside the UK that would not be legally responsible or ethically acceptable in the UK". The report also said scientists had a "moral responsibility" to publish all their results on experiments involving monkeys even if they were not positive or not deemed interesting. Research results are often not published when the experiments do not yield positive results, but Prof Bateson's point is that because some of these details are not put in the public domain, it could lead to other researchers repeating the experiments and so causing unnecessary suffering. Strengthened procedures Responding to the report, the Medical Research Council (MRC) said: "Despite the use of peer review to assess whether projects we fund are worth doing, it is inevitable that some of it does not work out." The MRC added that it would continue to work to ensure all grants using non-human primates made clear the expected scientific, medical or social benefit, and that if these benefits were not realised, the reasons why should be explored to ensure lessons were learnt for the future. In a joint statement, the main funders of monkey research in the UK - the Medical Research Council, the Wellcome Trust and the Biological and Biotechnology Research Council - said improvements to procedures had already been made. "We have strengthened our procedures for assessing all grant applications requesting use of [monkeys], cats, dogs and equines," their statement read. "These applications are now reviewed by the independent National Centre for the Refinement, Reduction and Replacement of Animals in Research (NC3Rs). "Any concerns are explored with the applicants, and funding is not awarded unless these are properly addressed. We will continue to work with the NC3Rs to ensure that all research we fund using NHPs is assessed appropriately and the research undertaken is of the highest standard in terms of science and animal welfare." The British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection said primate research was a blind alley that had no merit. Chief Executive Michelle Thew said: "This report is a chilling insight into primate research in the UK. Regulations to protect primates are failing. "It is shocking that 25 years after legislation was introduced to give primates special protection, many experiments are being carried out that have a devastating impact on them with little or no human benefit. The only measure that would completely protect primates, and ensure more productive medical research, is an outright ban." In general, the number of animal experiments carried out in the UK rose by 3% last year, according to government figures. Just over 3.7 million scientific experiments on animals were started in Great Britain in 2010, an increase of 105,000 on the previous year.
The Briton, 31, who begins his title defence at the Australian Grand Prix on Sunday, posted videos on Snapchat of him travelling on a motorway. It is illegal to use phones whilst driving in New Zealand. Police reviewed the incident but will not be taking further action after citing a lack of "sufficient evidence". "Auckland City Police will be taking no further action in relation to recent media publicity about Lewis Hamilton and his motorcycle journey in Auckland," a police spokesperson said. "The video footage available does not provide us with sufficient enough evidence that an offence has occurred." It is not the first time three-time world champion Hamilton has been involved in driving incidents. The Briton was fined around £300 after performing car stunts for fans outside Melbourne's motor racing circuit, before the 2010 Australian Grand Prix. He also had his driving licence suspended for a month in France in 2007 for speeding on a motorway. And in November, Hamilton crashed his £1.6m super car in Monaco because "heavy partying" had left him tired.
The Assembly Rooms, which opened in 1977, was badly damaged in a huge blaze that broke out in its roof car park last March. The city council said rebuilding would be too expensive and the venue would be sold to a private company and could be knocked down and the site redeveloped. As well as live music, the Assembly Rooms also hosted British Open snooker. Perhaps its most famous musical moment was in 1983, when Morrissey was hit in the eye with a flower during a Smiths gig and fans invaded the stage at the end. The venue also hosted performances from acts such as The Clash, Paul Weller and Manic Street Preachers and was home to the city's pantomime each year. City council Labour leader Ranjit Banwait said he hoped the venue would be replaced with "some kind of cultural offer". The opposition Conservative group said the local authority had dithered over the plans. Councillor Robin Wood said the venue could have been kept "alive" in the interim until a bidder was found. He said: "For over a year now we have been wondering what on earth is going to happen. Now we are told the wrecking ball is going to go at it. "I think it would be much better to refurbish it and reopen it and look at other alternatives. What we will end up with is a pile of rubble and nothing." Dave Parry, of the Derby Civic Society, said the venue was too big for the market place and never really achieved what it set out to do. "We would like to see something that would be representative of the city," he said. "I'm not sure that it is the right place for a cultural thing, but we also don't want to see a supermarket or block of flats there."
The 32-year-old midfielder, who has 249 caps for England and Great Britain, was in the squad that played two matches against Canada last weekend. But head coach Jason Lee decided he could not rely on her fitness for the tournament, which starts on 31 May. Ellie Watton and Zoe Shipperley have made the 18-strong squad. Beeston forward Watton and Buckingham defender Shipperley have 15 international caps between them, but there is experience elsewhere with captain Kate Richardson-Walsh having played in three previous World Cups. England have been drawn in Pool B alongside Argentina, China, Germany, South Africa and the United States. The top two nations will qualify for the semi-finals. "We're facing some of the best teams in the world and playing the USA in our first game on 1 June is significant as they come into the tournament off the back of winning the Champions Challenge at the end of last month," said Lee. England World Cup squad: Goalkeepers: Maddie Hinch (Holcombe), Kirsty Mackay (East Grinstead) Defenders: Laura Unsworth (Holcombe), Kate Richardson-Walsh (Reading), Sam Quek (Reading), Hollie Webb (Surbiton), Sally Walton (Wakefield), Zoe Shipperley (Buckingham) Midfielders: Georgie Twigg (Surbiton), Susannah Townsend (Reading), Susie Gilbert (Reading), Ashleigh Ball (Slough) Forwards: Hannah Macleod (Leicester), Alex Danson (Reading), Sophie Bray (East Grinstead), Ellie Watton (Beeston), Lily Owsley (University of Birmingham), Nicola White (Leicester)
The lead investigator was seeking to clarify earlier comments by police that suggested some of the driver's actions were deliberate. Band members Kris Leonard, River Reeves, Jack Dakin and Tomas Lowe died, along with manager Craig Tarry, 33, near Stockholm on 13 February. Lars Berglund said the driver's "only intention was to avoid a crash". Witnesses reported seeing the car going though red lights and barriers before the Warrington band's car plunged 80ft (24m) into a canal off a bridge, the middle section of which was raised. Mr Berglund told Mirror reporter Rhian Lubin: "I have not suggested that [the driver] was doing this in order to kill himself or the band. I said he was making a move from the right lane to the left lane and that was not accidental. "We can see the brake lights. His intention was to stop the car. But maybe his speed was too high and it was too late." Earlier, a Stockholm police spokesman said: "It looks like he [the driver] tried to drive past red lights, barriers. "All the witnesses thought it looked like he was trying to drive past... there weren't supposed to be cars on the left. 'It is a possibility he deliberately crashed the car, but he may have misunderstood the signs. "[It is] still subject to investigation and we are still waiting for results of technical investigation too." Police have previously confirmed the driver, who has not been identified, had no traces of alcohol or drugs and said it would have been very difficult to pass two lines of parked cars if he was asleep. The car, carrying the four members of the band and their manager, was recovered from the canal under the E4 highway bridge in Sodertalje, Sweden. In the week after the accident, the band reached number one in the iTunes chart following a social media campaign backed by Oasis singer Liam Gallagher and Tim Burgess from The Charlatans. A concert in the band's memory at Warrington's Parr Hall on 2 April has now sold out. The gig, which will feature friends and bands they have played with, will be hosted in their Warrington hometown by BBC Radio 1 DJ Phil Taggart.
The BCCI, which governs the game in India, has agreed to trial the technology against Alastair Cook's side in the five-match Test series which begins in Rajkot on 9 November. Whatever you think of DRS, which uses different types of technology to determine if a batsman should be given out, it's very good that it's now being standardised. Everybody should play with it or nobody plays with it. At least now it brings everybody into line to play cricket together under the same regulations. However, on pitches which are bound to suit the spinners - an area where India excel - and wear appreciably over the five days of a Test, I imagine the decision will help the Indians immensely. Playing spinners with DRS in place is an altogether different and more challenging prospect than without it and it will make India more difficult to beat for England. That's not the main point though: it's good India have joined in with what everyone else has been doing for a few years. India v England tour schedule That's an interesting question and many of the answers lie in the fact there has been a changing of the guard at the top of Indian cricket recently. That has brought about a much more open mind to these things. Their head coach Anil Kumble, who was opposed to the DRS system to begin with, has now changed his view. With a number of new players coming into the side, he's been able to show that it might possibly be the right thing for his side. Beforehand, batsmen like Sachin Tendulkar, for instance, were opposed to it. They felt the opposition would always keep a review up their sleeve especially for them because they were such key players. Ultimately, however, it's as simple as a change of attitude within the administration of the Indian cricket team which has led to this decision. Once we get onto the pitch, I think India, under their innovative new captain Virat Kohli, will use it well. Spin bowlers tend to have more success on the turning pitches of the subcontinent, and India have the world's number one bowler - off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin - in their ranks. England's batsmen must be careful how they play the spinning ball. For instance, you can't just plant your pad and play around the ball because of the risk of getting out lbw. We've seen in the current Test match in Chittagong how central the DRS system is to games on the subcontinent. Moeen Ali overturned three lbw decisions to remain at the crease and score a determined 68. Those decisions were reversed because the ball was shown to be missing the stumps, but if it comes down to fine margins and the umpire has already given a batsman out then it will stay that way. That's the challenge for England, and one which they are dealing with in Bangladesh at the moment. Jonathan Agnew was speaking to BBC Sport's Marc Higginson Media playback is not supported on this device
Ednane Mahmood, 19, from Blackburn, Lancashire, then fled his home to allegedly travel to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS). The video showed the beheading of David Haines and aid worker Alan Henning kneeling on the ground after his kidnap, Manchester Crown Court heard. Mr Mahmood denies all charges. He has pleaded not guilty to attempting to travel to Syria to commit acts of terrorism. Mr Mahmood also denies two counts of providing internet links to others with speeches and propaganda that encouraged acts of terrorism. He searched "British man beheaded" on his laptop before downloading the video, the court was told. It began with Prime Minister David Cameron talking about IS before images showing the beheading of Mr Haines. Julian Evans, prosecuting, said Mr Mahmood, "undeterred by this graphic and violent imagery", began looking up cheap flights to Bulgaria and Turkey. Then in the early hours of 18 September 2014, he left his home to board a flight from Manchester Airport to Bulgaria leaving a letter addressed, "to family", stating his intentions. Mr Evans said: "He was telling his family in the clearest terms that he was leaving the comforts of his life in the UK in order to fight abroad on behalf of Allah and on behalf of Muslims. "He did not care what others might think of him and his decision. "Mr Mahmood planned to travel to Syria with the intention of committing acts of terrorism." The court heard his family had been unaware of his intentions and on the day he fled had reported him missing to police. Before he reached Syria, Mr Mahmood's brother persuaded him to come back to the UK via communications over Twitter. Mr Mahmood's interest in Syria, Jihad and IS was said to have developed over time from 2012, the court heard. The trial continues.
Last year, there were about 14,000 visits, compared to 8,000 in 2005, when the county became an approved destination for Chinese citizens. Their spending, including at Bicester Village outlet, has also increased from almost Â£8m to more than Â£20m, according to Visit Britain. A further rise has been predicted for the next ten years. Martin Walker, from not-for-profit group Experience Oxfordshire, said Chinese tourists were "increasingly important" to the county's economy. However, he said, the UK was currently "underperforming" with about 290,000 visitors a year, compared to countries such as France, which gets 350,000. A number of attractions and travel organisations in Oxfordshire had signed up to the Great China Welcome initiative in a bid to encourage more visitors, he said. In 2013, consultancy company Spectrum Insights found Chinese tourists spend 90% of their budget on shopping during UK visits. It said Bicester Village was the most popular shopping destination in the UK, with 27% of Chinese visitors naming it as their favourite. Keith Slater, a former director of several UK retailers, said bosses had "deliberately set out to market to the Chinese and to promote it as a must-go place." "It's actually marketed as Bicester Village London, so is seen as part of the capital," he said. "It's the designer brands, like Burberry, which really attract the Chinese and they prefer to buy a UK brand in the UK."
Some of the victims reported the abuse to police after reading press reports about Peter Farrands being jailed for seven years in May 2015. As well as working at Folville Rise Junior School in Leicester, Farrands was a scoutmaster and lay preacher. The four victims were aged between six and 12 when Farrands abused them. Sentencing Farrands, Judge Nicholas Dean QC said: "This was a breach of trust as a school teacher and a scoutmaster and the effect continues to haunt the victims. "The sentence must seem lenient to the victims but they should look at the total sentence." He pleaded guilty to seven additional charges of indecent assault against boys between 1976 and 1981. Leicestershire Police said Farrands committed most of his crimes at Folville Rise Junior School. Det Sgt Hazel Sandall hopes the case will encourage other victims of historical abuse to come forward. She said: "No matter how old the offender and no matter how many years ago crimes took place, we will conduct a thorough examination of the evidence and will not hesitate to seek charges being brought against perpetrators of crime where evidence is available to us." Two of the victims came to Leicester Crown Court, where Farrands appeared via video link, to see him sentenced. The court heard one victim contacted the NSPCC in 2014 and said he had been abused by Farrands and two other people, who he believed have since died. Some of the boys were assaulted multiple times. In a statement read out in court, one of the victims said he is still receiving counselling because of what happened. "There is still a lot of pain," he said. "I'm still unable to enjoy the simple things like Christmas and birthdays."
The winger scored three times in 21 second-half minutes to draw level with Lomu's mark of 15 World Cup tries. The Springboks ran in eight second-half tries in all to earn a bonus-point win at the Olympic Stadium. South Africa top Pool B and will now play the loser of Saturday's Pool A decider between Australia and Wales. A mixture of South Africa's ill-discipline and poor finishing kept the score down in the first half, while USA only made it into the Boks' 22 in the last minute of the half, despite enjoying plenty of possession. Centre Damien de Allende scored his first international try before South Africa were awarded a penalty try as USA struggled at the scrum. A different South Africa came out after the break as Habana scored almost from the restart, collecting a Fourie du Preez kick to go over in the corner. Bismarck du Plessis and Francois Louw both crossed the line, before Habana scored two tries in two minutes to complete his hat-trick. Louw scored his second with Jesse Kriel also getting on the scoresheet, before Lwazi Mvovo rounded off a dominant Springboks performance. Habana had a subdued first half, with his only contribution of note seeing him clatter into Blaine Scully as the pair competed for a high ball. But he came out firing in the second half and his hat-trick not only saw him equal New Zealand legend Lomu as the tournament's all-time leading try scorer, but also draw level with Australia's David Campese for joint second in the list of Test try scorers with 64. The 32-year-old, a 2007 World Cup-winner with the Boks, scored 62 seconds into the second half for his 13th World Cup try. He then went over unopposed in the 59th minute after a break by De Allende and swooped on a loose ball to dive over in the corner just two minutes later. Habana could have broken All Black winger Lomu's record but a knock-on as he tried to collect another chip through denied him a fourth try on the night. South Africa's World Cup campaign started in the worst possible way with that shock loss to Japan, but they recovered with a bonus point victory over Samoa and a comfortable win against Scotland. If they are to win the tournament, they will be the first side to do so having lost a pool match. Before the USA game, Boks coach Heyneke Meyer talked about his side "doing a Roger Bannister", citing the British runner who broke the four-minute mile barrier as an example of overcoming the impossible. He also spoke about respecting their opponents but in the first half they showed signs of complacency and failed to pile the points on an under-strength USA, who had made 12 changes from their defeat by Scotland. A rejuvenated and more clinical Springboks came out after the break - and eight tries in 40 minutes will certainly send out a message to the teams left in the competition. South Africa: Le Roux, Habana, Kriel, de Allende, Mvovo, Pollard, du Preez, Mtawarira, B. du Plessis, Malherbe, Etzebeth, de Jager, Louw, Burger, Vermeulen. Replacements: Serfontein for de Allende (60), Steyn for Pollard (56), Paige for du Preez (63), Nyakane for Mtawarira (56), Brits for B. du Plessis (56), du Toit for de Jager (63), Alberts for Burger (48). Not Used: Oosthuizen. USA: Scully, Thompson, Niua, A. Suniula, Test, S. Suniula,Kruger, Kilifi, Thiel, Baumann, Stanfill, Trouville, Barrett,Quill, Manoa. Replacements: Wyles for Scully (70), Moeakiola for Kilifi (58),Taufetee for Thiel (72), Fenoglio for Trouville (70), McFarland for Barrett (57), Dolan for Manoa (48). Not Used: Lamositele, Petri. Attendance: 54,658 Referee: Pascal Gauzere (France)
Paul Finlay-Dickson's civil partner, Maurice, died of cancer in January. He, himself, is ill. Attacks on the couple's home began nearly two years ago. After his partner's death, Mr Finlay-Dickson had been due to move to a new house in Cosgrave Heights. However, vandals attacked it at the weekend. On Saturday, a gang smashed windows and daubed graffiti on the building in Tiger's Bay. Mr Finlay-Dickson said he now felt too frightened to move in. "The house was boarded up, there was black paint above the window," he said. "On either side of the door they wrote 'pedo'.  I'm not a paedophile. I'm a gay man, I'm not a paedophile." He said he had suffered 15 attacks in the past four months. "They make me feel as if I am living in fear," he said. "I am being segregated and attacked because of my sexual orientation. "I am not the only gay man in Northern Ireland. This is a homophobic hate crime attack. Something needs to be done, I cannot take much more." Gavin Boyd from the Rainbow Project said he felt a lot of sympathy for Mr Finlay-Dickson in what had been "a very difficult year". "My heart goes out to Paul," he said. "It is deeply disconcerting that anyone should have to go through such a sustained period of homophobic attacks and crimes. "With all kinds of prejudice or hate-based violence, it is about whatever someone can identify as a weak spot - that is something people will prey on." Mr Boyd called for a joined-up approach from the police, the Housing Executive, politicians and community leaders to tackle homophobic attacks. "For far too long, people have been putting up with these sustained campaigns of intimidation," he said. "Police need to adopt a robust response to these kind of crimes." A spokesperson for the Housing Executive said they would make contact with Mr Finlay-Dickson as a matter of urgency to discuss his options.
Vicki Russell told the CBC that Air Canada bumped her from the 1 April Toronto-to-Miami flight that she had booked two months in advance. As a result she missed her connecting flight to meet the cruise ship. Ms Russell has since received C$800 (US$592; Â£463) compensation from the airline. She says everything went according to plan until an agent told her about two hours after she had checked in and received her boarding pass that the flight was overbooked and she did not have a valid ticket. Despite showing her travel documents and getting the tour company to email her trip receipt to prove her ticket was valid, the flight left without her. "It was extremely upsetting," Ms Russell told the CBC. "The woman could not have been more rude, hostile. In all my years of travelling, I have never had a travel person treat me so badly." She was sent to Air Canada customer service at the airport to find a new flight to Miami. By the time she was seen by an agent, no flights were available that would allow her to make the connection. She also had to wait to get back her checked luggage. She filed a complaint for missing her "dream vacation" with Air Canada the next day. The $10,000 National Geographic cruise, organised by Lindblad Expeditions, tours the famous Pacific Ocean archipelago's varied islands and habitats. A spokeswoman for Lindblad Expeditions said on Friday they have been in contact with Ms Russell throughout the situation and have rebooked her expedition at no charge, including airfare from Miami to Galapagos. Air Canada confirmed that the flight had been oversold. But the carrier said their agents spent "a great deal of time" looking at options for Ms Russell, including exploring "outside the box" solutions for getting her directly to the Galapagos Islands despite her flight ticket being issued only to Miami. They noted they refunded her initial fare and paid compensation. "This is a very regrettable situation and we are sorry this occurred," said an Air Canada spokesman in a statement. The practice of airlines bumping passengers from flights has been under scrutiny since the footage of United Airlines passenger David Dao being forcibly removed from a flight made headlines worldwide. Following that incident, Canada's federal government reiterated its pledge to table a passenger rights law this spring. It is expected to include compensation rules for those denied boarding due to factors within the carrier's control. The Canadian Transportation Agency receives an average of about 50 complaints a year from passengers saying they were denied boarding.
Eight former and serving officers have been called to give evidence at the hearings. South Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner Alan Billings said the sum was "substantially less" than required. The force, which has a legal duty to support its staff, said that as of January more than £12m had been paid out on legal representation. The total spend had now risen to "considerably more than that", it added. Dr Billings described the financial situation for the force as "grave" and said taxpayers in the region would "have to bear the additional cost". He said it would ultimately impact on the police budget and the force's ability to provide policing and crime services. Dr Billings said he would be calling an emergency meeting. Ninety-six Liverpool fans died after crushing at the FA Cup semi final match between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest held at Hillsborough in 1989. Fresh inquests into the deaths were ordered after the original accidental death verdicts were quashed in 2012 following an independent report. The inquests are expected to continue for another year. Dr Billings said: "The special grant application I submitted was for the full amount, which leaves us the shortfall to pay. "My office now has to undertake a financial analysis to establish the size of the shortfall and its impact on our budget." "While I recognise that the Home Secretary's decision was a matter of discretion, I am extremely disappointed by both the timing of the announcement and the amount of funding granted." Dr Billings said he would submit another application to fund "the further legal costs we will incur during 2015/16". A Home Office spokesman said: "On 27 March the home secretary agreed to provide a special grant to the South Yorkshire police and crime commissioner in relation to legal costs incurred by the inquests into the Hillsborough tragedy. "The amount is up to £5.1m in 2013/14 and £5.6m in 2014/15." Special grants can be provided to police forces facing unexpected or exceptional costs exceeding 1% of its annual budget.
The Robins have won six of their 10 League One games since former Brighton Under-21 and reserves coach Williams took interim charge in December. The 35-year-old replaced Martin Ling at the County Ground, after Ling stepped down citing "health reasons." "He is a fantastic coach, the best I've come across in 25 years of football," chairman Lee Power said. "The reason Luke is 'head coach' and not 'manager' is because that is what he is: the head coach. "No players will come into the club that Luke is not happy with, but his main job is to coach the group and improve them." Williams is the fourth person to take charge of Swindon this season, following Mark Cooper, Ling, and chairman Power, who looked after the first team for a spell following Cooper's dismissal in October. The Robins are currently 13th in the League One table, seven points outside the play-off places.
Sally Ann John, who disappeared from Swindon, aged 23, in 1995, had been working as a prostitute. On Thursday police arrested three men in their 50s on suspicion of her murder. "Every day is difficult without Sally Ann and I appreciate the understanding I have been shown," said Lesley John. In a statement released through Wiltshire Police, she said: "The police have been keeping me informed of progress with the investigation into Sally Ann's disappearance and the arrests yesterday give me hope. "I feel it is important that the police are able to continue to investigate without speculation from anyone and I hope that the community will support me in this." The trio, including two men from Swindon aged 50 and 52, and a 52-year-old from Chippenham, are still being held on suspicion of kidnap and murder. Sally Ann's disappearance was initially classified as a missing person but police launched a murder investigation in 2014. She was last seen on Aylesbury Street on the morning of Friday 8 September 1995. Her body has never been found.
Jarvis, 29, has won 17 caps for Wales and last played in the Six Nations win over Italy in March 2016. James, who will miss the first match of the three-Test series against the world champions in Auckland, has not recovered as quickly as hoped, but remains with the squad. Wales have lost 26 matches against the All Blacks since beating them in 1953. James is also likely to miss the game against the Chiefs in Hamilton on Tuesday, 14 June. Jarvis, who is joining French Top 14 side Clermont Auvergne from Ospreys, will arrive on Wednesday morning in New Zealand. The Exeter-born player graduated to professional rugby via the Bath academy, and played for England Under-16s and U19s. But he successfully pursued Wales honours via Ospreys, having been eligible because of his Merthyr Tydfil-born grandmother. He has started six Wales games, coming off the bench for the remainder of his caps.
There was no secret that the picture today's Autumn Statement would paint would not be pretty. But more than £100bn of extra borrowing, roughly equivalent to the entire NHS budget - nearly £60bn of that the costs of Brexit - make a brutal backdrop for Theresa May's government as it only just gets going. Remember all the figures ought to be taken with a giant pinch of salt. Forecasts like these have so often been wrong. And no one is forecasting a recession. But what the chancellor said today and the Office for Budget Responsibility has calculated have big implications. First off, with the goal of balancing the books now an aspiration to be met as "early as possible", next Parliament, the Tories will be going into the next election, a decade after they took charge, without having kept the central promise they made 10 years before of clearing the deficit. Yes, you read that right - a full decade. As political promises go, that is a less than glorious record. Voters will see the national debt hitting 90% of GDP, not shy of £2 trillion, 10 years after being told that tough spending cuts were worth it, because within five years we would be on our way back to the mythic sunlit uplands. There is a separate debate about whether that was ever achievable, and how much Brexit can be blamed for the fact Mr Hammond has pushed those targets back again.  But at the very least, it means the Conservatives will still be borrowing, and borrowing significantly, busting their own timetable by at least five years. And with wages predicted to slow, and inflation expected to rise, the public will feel the pinch too. Simply, if today's forecasts are right, the government's finances are set to be shaky for a lot longer, and more voters will feel skint. Despite Theresa May's repeated desire to help families who are finding it hard to make ends meet, there were few measures that will make a big difference. Privately, Treasury sources acknowledge they haven't done that much, despite Number 10's hopes. The truth is that they didn't have much cash to play with. And Mr Hammond's ambitions to rebuild the fundamentals of the economy were clearly his priority, rather than major concessions to help some groups of voters feel a bit more flush. Indeed, the charts that estimate who is bearing the brunt of the government's policies suggest that when everything is taken into consideration, not just today's measures, the three poorest groups are all slightly worse off. The only group that loses more is the top 10%. Beyond all the charts and tables and documents, though, Mr Hammond dropped one giant hint which is perhaps politically one of the most important things of the day. He was talking about the "triple lock", the guaranteed increases in the state pension, seen by many in Westminster privately to be completely unaffordable in the longer term, but few will yet say it in public. He said: "And we will meet our pledge to our country's pensioners through the triple lock. But as we look ahead to the next Parliament, we will need to ensure we tackle the challenges of rising longevity and fiscal sustainability. "And so the government will review public spending priorities and other commitments for the next Parliament in light of the evolving fiscal position at the next Spending Review." That sounds pretty bland, but the implications are anything but. It holds out the possibility that the Tories could look at ditching those guarantees and "other commitments", perhaps the ring fence of the NHS Budget, when they look at what the country can afford after 2020. It was only a hint, but in time it may become a very important one. Mr Hammond rarely says anything by mistake. But, without fighting that political battle, there was plenty that was bruising enough from today's announcements, plenty to make the government's life harder, and indeed, potentially those of plenty of voters too. PS As ever, the documents published alongside the statement bear close examination. In the coming days more important nuggets may emerge. But a few quick ones that caught our eye -  the administration of Brexit is expected to cost the taxpayer £412m. The government has set aside £60m a year for grammar schools to expand.
A recent event at the end of August left at least 30 soldiers injured. At least 24 cadets were reported to have been left unconscious because pillows were stuffed with hard objects. West Point Superintendent Lt Gen Robert L Caslen said the academy was pursuing unspecified disciplinary measures against those involved in the fights. He was quoted in the New York Times as saying that those facing such measures included "senior military members and cadets alike". Gen Caslen was not reported to have identified or provided the ranks of those who may be punished, but said he was determined "to send a clear message that this kind of behaviour will not be tolerated". An army investigation dated the pillow fights to 2001, but congressional testimony reported in the New York Times suggests they date back more than a century. One cadet suffered a broken nose in the August pillow fight, while others had dislocated shoulders. West Point academy argued at the time the fight was designed to build "esprit de corps". None of the injuries was severe and all cadets have returned to duty, it said. Video of the fight posted online shows crowds of yelling cadets, some wearing body armour as well as helmets, surging together in a central quad. The annual night-time event has been described as a harmless way of blowing off steam at the end of a gruelling summer of training. But this year's event seems to have been a little over-exuberant, with pillow cases reported to have been stuffed with hard objects, thought to have been helmets. A report into the incident cited by the New York Times said that the injuries were largely caused by cadets being struck by "elbows or other body parts" or from being knocked down.
Fake Ophelia is a large collage on canvas by Steven Campbell - one of the "new Glasgow Boys" who studied at the school. Forsyth and his partner Moira Wylie gifted the work made in 1991 by Campbell, who died at the age of 54 in 2007. It will hang in the art school's library. Gregory's Girl director Forsyth first met Campbell in the 1980s. The two were fishing buddies. When Campbell was asked to paint a famous Scot for the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, he chose Forsyth, as the only famous person he knew, and a friend. Fake Ophelia is formed of paint, textiles, string, wallpaper and paper cut work. Campbell went to the GSA as a mature student, graduating in 1982 with a Fulbright Scholarship which he used to travel to New York. He returned to live in Glasgow in 1986 and emerged in the group of Scottish figurative painters which also consisted of fellow GSA alumni Ken Currie, Peter Howson and Adrian Wiszniewski. Alison Stevenson, head of learning resources at the GSA, said: "We are grateful to Bill and Moira for this generous donation to the GSA's archives and collections. "Steven was an incredibly talented artist whose life was cut tragically short. "We are delighted to be able to add Fake Ophelia to our rich collection of works by GSA graduates."
Cleveland Police used anti-terror powers as part of an investigation into alleged leaking of confidential material to newspapers in 2012. However, the force claimed it was justified in secretly monitoring the phones of two former officers. Mark Dias and Steve Matthews claim they were targeted after challenging misconduct by fellow officers. The decision over whether the force's covert techniques used against its former employees were lawful will be made in the new year, following an Investigatory Powers Tribunal. At the hearing in London, Judge Sir Michael Burton said although he reserved judgement until 2017, it was clear what his decision would be. He said the force should start thinking about compensation for the two officers. Cleveland Police claimed it was justified in using the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA) - which has since been replaced. In a four-month period the force monitored over a million minutes of telephone data, the tribunal heard. Mr Matthews, the former head of Cleveland's Police Federation, said: "I honestly think they were trying to stitch me up." If anyone criticised the force "they would be jumped on and, as part of that campaign, I was singled out", he said. Mr Dias said the force monitored his phone calls, emails and activity. The officers' legal team said the "force's casual disregard for the legal framework beggared belief".
A statement said all employees involved in industrial action would be locked out from Monday evening and flights grounded from 0600 GMT on Saturday. Aircraft currently in the air will complete their flights, but there will be no further departures. Chief executive Alan Joyce called his decision "unbelievable". Fair Work Australia, the national industrial tribunal, adjourned a hearing on the Qantas dispute on Saturday night. The tribunal - which has the power to suspend or terminate industrial action - is to reconvene later on Sunday. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has warned that the dispute could have "implications" for the national economy. The airline has been hit by a series of costly strikes. Baggage handlers, engineers and pilots have been involved in the action which the company says is costing A$15m (US$16m) a week. The airline issued a statement on its Facebook page saying customers booked on Qantas flights should not go to the airport until further notice. The airline said a full refund would be available to those affected. Relations between the unions and Qantas management started deteriorating in August after the airline announced plans for restructuring and moving some operations to Asia. By Phil MercerBBC News, Sydney At the heart of the dispute are concerns about pay and job security along with cost-cutting and the subcontracting of work overseas as Qantas looks to set up new airlines in Asia and sack hundreds of staff to revive its sagging international fortunes. At Sydney international airport, feelings among marooned passengers oscillated between anger and frustration. Qantas' decision to pull its entire international and domestic fleets from the skies comes during one of Australia's busiest travel weekends, with tens thousands of people converging on the hugely popular Melbourne Cup horse race, an event that stops the nation for a few, brief minutes. Anger and dismay at Qantas move Qantas grounded: Your stories Qantas has a 65% share of the domestic Australian market, but has been making heavy losses on its international flights. The restructuring is expected to mean the loss of 1,000 jobs from its 35,000-strong workforce. The disruption to flights has also affected a meeting of Commonwealth heads of government in Perth, with reports that members from 17 delegations have been stranded in the city because of the dispute. It comes on a busy travel weekend, just days before the country's biggest horse race, the Melbourne Cup. The Australian minister for transport, Anthony Albanese, said the government would take action to intervene in the dispute. "We are very concerned about Qantas' actions, of which we were notified only mid-afternoon, with no advance notice from Qantas at any stage," he said. Qantas homepage Qantas boss risks all for Asia In pictures: Qantas grounds flights "The government is making an urgent application to Fair Work Australia to terminate all industrial action at Qantas. This will be aimed at both actions by unions and by Qantas management." Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce announced the grounding of the airline on Saturday: "The airline will be grounded as long as it takes to reach a conclusion on this." He said that he would not take "the easy way out" and agree to union demands. "That would destroy Qantas in the long term." "I'm actually taking the bold decision, an unbelievable decision, a very hard decision, to ground this airline." Mr Joyce said he made the decision early Saturday and then gained the approval of the Qantas board. "We are locking out until the unions withdraw their extreme claim and reach an agreement with us," Mr Joyce said. "This is the fastest way to ensure the airline gets back in the air." "They are trashing our strategy and our brand," he said. "They must decide just how badly they want to hurt Qantas, their members... and the travelling public." The Australian pilots association criticised the grounding. "It's unprecedented and really it has hijacked the nation. It really has put everyone on notice and... it's forcing the government's hand on this," Barry Jackson of the Australian and International Pilots Association told Sky News. "We really need to address this sooner rather than later and get the aircraft back in the air." Qantas said as of 0400GMT on Saturday, there were 64 aircraft in the air - 36 domestic and 28 international - carrying more than 7,000 passengers. In total 108 aircraft will be grounded in 22 airports around the world. The airline said 13,305 passengers were booked to travel on Qantas planes from overseas airports to Australia in the next 24 hours. About 1,310 international passengers may be at international airports now waiting for their flights to depart.
Charlie Alliston, of Trothy Road, Bermondsey, was 18 when he allegedly hit Kim Briggs as she crossed Old Street, east London, in February 2016. The Old Bailey heard a witness saw the cyclist fly "through the air". Mr Alliston, now 20, denies manslaughter and causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving. In court, prosecutor Duncan Penny QC read a statement from eyewitness David Callan who said he was walking in Old Street at about 12:15 BST when he heard a male voice calling. "It made me look up immediately, just in time to see a collision between a cyclist and a pedestrian," he said. Mr Callan said the crash caused the cyclist to fly "through the air" while the pedestrian "fell at the point of impact". "The cyclist clattered to the ground further down the road but quickly sprang to their feet and shouted something at the pedestrian... who lay on the ground," the court was told. Mark Wyeth QC, defending, suggested his client had the right of way as the lights on the stretch of Old Street were green. He added that Mrs Briggs could have avoided danger by using a pedestrian crossing less than 10 metres away. Jurors heard the 44-year-old HR consultant suffered "non-survivable brain injuries" and died in hospital a week later. They were previously told Mr Alliston was using a bike which which had no front brake so was not legal to use on the road. The court has been told crash investigators had concluded Mr Alliston would have been able to stop and avoid the impact if the bike had been fitted with two brakes. The trial continues.
Witnesses said a man carrying two knives was Tasered by police after running from the discount shop in Bury Street, Abingdon, at about 11:20 GMT. Staff at a nearby Spar store said they barricaded themselves inside as the man tried to gain entry, before he was restrained by the police. A 36-year-old man, who is from Abingdon, has been arrested on suspicion of murder. Updates on this story and more from Oxfordshire Police said the deceased was yet to be identified and his next of kin had not yet been informed. Kash, who works at the Spar shop, said after the stabbing a man tried to push his way into the store. He said: "He approached with two knives in his hands and he tried to enter. He said 'I just want to shake your hand' and we held the door closed. "Then a policewoman caught up with him and Tasered him." Poundland chief executive Jim McCarthy said he was "shocked" that one of the company's customers had been killed. He said: "Our sympathy and thoughts centre on the family of the deceased and of course with other customers and colleagues who were in the store at the time of this terrible incident." Supt Rory Freeman said: "Members of the public will understandably be shocked and upset by this incident today, which has happened in a very public place. "At this stage, this is not being treated as a terrorist incident." A second man nearby suffered a minor injury to his thumb. Thames Valley Police are investigating whether the incidents were connected. Joanna posted on Twitter: "Watching everything that happened today in Abingdon from my office window was terrifying. Rest in Peace." The leader of South Oxfordshire District Council John Cotton said on Twitter it was "dreadful news" and praised the quick response by police. A local trader, who did not want to be named, said: "People are absolutely devastated. Normally it's a very busy vibrant market, but everyone has gone home." Thames Valley Police has appealed for anyone who captured footage at the scene to come forward.
In one case a worker allowed their partner to access and amend personal data. There were also several cases of posting personal data on websites, and an e-mail which accidentally disclosed sensitive details of 24 dead people. The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) called for effective data handling to become second nature. Seven of the 22 local authorities said they had recorded no breaches last year. BBC Wales' Welsh-language news website Newyddion Ar-lein obtained the information in a Freedom of Information request. The ICO was informed about "several incidents" in Anglesey council in 2012 in which documents including personal data "were either disclosed or disposed of inappropriately, or there was a risk of unauthorised access". After an investigation, the ICO  said that the council's guidelines on data protection were insufficient and the chief executive committed to making improvements. An Anglesey council spokesperson said: "In order to secure improvements, we have recently established a corporate information governance project board to embed and improve a culture of data protection compliance throughout the whole organisation." The 17 breaches in Powys council included five internal cases of misdirecting information, and 12 cases of sending information to the wrong address, recording wrong personal data in correspondence, and placing personal data on the council's website. Disciplinary procedures were taken against one staff member. There were seven cases recorded in Cardiff council. Among them were a member of staff accidentally sending an email to a number of third party individuals - including Cardiff council employees, Vale of Glamorgan council and individuals in the NHS - which accidentally disclosed sensitive details of 24 dead people. However, the Data Protection Act does not apply to the deceased. Also in Cardiff council, a worker sent an e-mail with sensitive personal data to the wrong person internally and a planning file containing personal data was lost. There were seven cases in Wrexham Council. On two occasions the social services department mistakenly shared information with a third party; e-mail addresses of subscribers to the housing department portal were shared by mistake, and the council failed to respond to a request for data within the necessary 40 days four times. Four cases were recorded in Flintshire council. Disciplinary action was taken against one worker who allowed a partner to access and amend personal data. In addition, two committee reports which included personal data were mistakenly published on the website, a letter about children's services was sent to the wrong house, and a CD with personal data was lost. Five cases were reported in Newport council, and two workers were given final written warnings. Gwynedd council said that none of the data involved in its five breaches was sensitive, while in Caerphilly council further training was provided after three cases in which personal data was mistakenly revealed. In Conwy "several cases" were recorded of missing data, involving e-mails, faxes and letters being misdirected, and information being stolen from vehicles and property. There were two breaches in Carmarthenshire council. A private company was used to send a circular to each member of the Dyfed Pension Fund. It  printed members' national insurance number on each envelope, and accepted full responsibility for the mistake. In addition, the council failed to respond to a request for information within the 40 statutory days. There was one breach in Pembrokeshire council in 2012 when information regarding planning enforcement was published in error on its website, while Bridgend council also recorded one breach when a mobile phone which had personal data about service users was lost for some hours. The single breach in Ceredigion council occurred when a letter to an employee was sent to the wrong address, and also one breach in Denbighshire council involving personal information being sent to the wrong person. In Neath Port Talbot council, a breach occurred when referral forms involving three prospective service users were stolen from a service provider commissioned by the council. There were no breaches in 2012 in Blaenau Gwent, Merthyr Tydfil, Monmouthshire, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Torfaen, Swansea and the Vale of Glamorgan. The Information Commissioner's Office said: "It's vital that local authorities properly live up to their legal responsibility to keep personal data secure, particularly where it is sensitive information about children and young people. "Our concern isn't just that councils have the right policies and procedures in place; it's about bringing about a culture among staff whereby everyone takes their responsibilities seriously and effective data handling becomes second nature."
Mourners wore Chelsea and Cambridge United colours to celebrate the life of Tommi Miller, who was eight. Terry met Chelsea fan Tommi last year, and when he was told of the boy's death he volunteered to pay for the service. Tommi was laid to rest near his Cambridge home in a Chelsea-blue casket bearing the club logo. Tommi, who was diagnosed with leukaemia aged three, died last month after a bone marrow transplant proved unsuccessful. More on this and other stories from Cambridgeshire Family friend Tawney Bianca Toogood contacted Terry on Instagram to tell him the boy he had been photographed with had died. When she explained the family could not afford the funeral they wanted for their son, the former England captain got in touch with the funeral parlour and covered the full Â£1,600 costs. Tommi's mother Ruth said she was "overwhelmed" by the gesture and "very proud" the footballer - one of her son's favourite players - remembered him. Most of the arrangements for Tommi's funeral were made by Mrs Toogood's mother Mally Beaver, and sister Chelsea. The families became friends after meeting on the cancer ward at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge. "My father battled leukaemia for just 12 weeks, but Tommi fought it for five years," Mrs Beaver said. "His family found times tough and we did everything we could to help them out." When Tommi died the Beaver family, from the travelling community, reached out to other travellers for help. "Roo and Kevin [Tommi's father] aren't from the community, but everyone took them to their hearts," Mrs Beaver said. Travellers from as far afield as Canada, Australia, Scotland, Lancaster and Harlow raised more than Â£4,000 to help towards "a celebration of Tommi's life". As well as the specially-made casket, Mrs Beaver arranged for 100 blue balloons to be released at the service, and had 100 blue roses brought over from Holland "to make it special for him". The extra money raised will be put towards a headstone for Tommi's grave.
Hibs' 15-year stay in the Scottish Premiership was in danger after Jason Scotland's goal reduced their 2-0 first-leg lead in the play-off final. Anthony Andreu squared the tie 10 seconds from the end of stoppage time. Neither side managed to score in extra time, but Hibs' Kevin Thomson and Jason Cummings both had penalties saved. It was goals from teenager Cummings that had given Terry Butcher's side a 2-0 advantage over the Championship runners-up after the first leg at New Douglas Park. But it was Accies goalkeeper Kevin Cuthbert who was the hero of the return leg, parrying away two nervously struck spot kicks to spark scenes of joy among the Accies faithful and protests outside Easter Road from their angry home counterparts. The spirits of the majority of the 18,000 near-capacity crowd had already not only been dampened by a dreich Edinburgh downpour but the kind of abject display all to familiar from the men in green and white this season. And four perfect penalties from Hamilton will send shockwaves through Easter Road after a season that started with a 9-0 aggregate defeat by Malmo under one manager and ended with a run of one win in 15 games and relegation under another. They are now facing the prospect of chasing one automatic promotion spot in a Championship that will not only contain relegated neighbours Hearts but League One champions Rangers, two clubs recovering from their respective financial meltdowns. Few had given Accies, who had already come through a two-leg semi-final against Falkirk, much chance of rescuing their promotion hopes as they arrived in Edinburgh looking for a first win in four away games. However, the statistics also gave them hope - having only lost two of their last 16 games, while Hibs had not won any of their last six at home and their midweek win being their first in 14 outings. Butcher had given on-loan Notts County forward Danny Haynes another chance to show why he was capped for England at youth level by starting the 26-year-old ahead of off-form teenager Alex Harris. After a crunching Jon Routledge tackle had the former Ipswich man limping for the touchline after seven minutes, Hibs were back to their midweek line-up. Six minutes on and Haynes' pain spread to the home stands after a misplaced Ryan McGivern pass led to the ball being swiftly dispatched into the back of the Hibs net. An interception by Accies midfielder Ali Crawford, who had started ahead of James Keatings, was flicked on by Routledge and Scotland's quick turn mugged Michael Nelson before the striker's left-foot drive from just inside the penalty box slipped under the outstretched hand of goalkeeper Ben Williams. The veteran former Trinidad and Tobago international had not been considered match fit at New Douglas Park, but his introduction in place of Mikael Antoine-Curier had provided the missing goalscoring link. As with the first leg, it was Accies who were playing the prettier possession football while Hibs were relying on hopeful balls to expose flaws in a second-tier defence. The ploy, either by accident or design, almost worked for the home side as Paul Heffernan's joy at finding the net was cut short by an offside flag then the striker broke clear before firing across goal. If Williams had been at fault for the goal, he made up with it as his outstretched foot prevented Louis Longridge's low drive tying the aggregate score. Cummings had a close-range header cleared off the Accies goal-line, but Hibs were fortunate not to find themselves further behind on the day by half-time as Andreu fired into the side-netting. Butcher threw Cummings up front in support of Heffernan after the break in search of a tension-releasing equaliser, but the reduction in midfield manpower was leaving their creaking defence exposed. When Scotland cleverly chested down a cross at the back post and another twist left two Hibs men flying in the opposite direction, Williams had to be quick off his line to block the striker's shot. Accies, with manager Alex Neil having brought himself into midfield from the bench, continued to play the tidier football but the chances dried up and Hibs went into four minutes of injury time with an aggregate lead. But there was to be a dramatic equaliser with Scotland shrugging off Michael Nelson to cross low for the stretching Andreu to fire home from 10 yards. And the visitors' joy turned to ecstasy 30 minutes later as Scotland's capital city was left without a representative in the nation's top flight. Match ends, Hibernian 0(3), Hamilton Academical 2(4). Penalty Shootout ends, Hibernian 0(3), Hamilton Academical 2(4). Penalty saved! Jason Cummings (Hibernian) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  left footed shot saved  in the bottom right corner. Goal!  Hibernian 0(3), Hamilton Academical 2(4). Jason Scotland (Hamilton Academical) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Goal!  Hibernian 0(3), Hamilton Academical 2(3). Owain Tudur-Jones (Hibernian) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner. Goal!  Hibernian 0(2), Hamilton Academical 2(3). Mickael Antoine-Curier (Hamilton Academical) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner. Goal!  Hibernian 0(2), Hamilton Academical 2(2). Liam Craig (Hibernian) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the centre of the goal. Goal!  Hibernian 0(1), Hamilton Academical 2(2). Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Goal!  Hibernian 0(1), Hamilton Academical 2(1). Ryan McGivern (Hibernian) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner. Goal!  Hibernian 0, Hamilton Academical 2(1). Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Penalty saved! Kevin Thomson (Hibernian) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  left footed shot saved  in the bottom left corner. Penalty Shootout begins Hibernian 0, Hamilton Academical 2. Second Half Extra Time ends, Hibernian 0, Hamilton Academical 2. Andy Ryan (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Owain Tudur-Jones (Hibernian). Attempt missed. Liam Craig (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Foul by Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical). Kevin Thomson (Hibernian) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical). Scott Robertson (Hibernian) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical). Scott Robertson (Hibernian) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Alex Neil (Hamilton Academical). Samuel Stanton (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt blocked. Ryan McGivern (Hibernian) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Corner,  Hibernian. Conceded by Grant Gillespie. Second Half Extra Time begins Hibernian 0, Hamilton Academical 2. First Half Extra Time ends, Hibernian 0, Hamilton Academical 2. Andy Ryan (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ryan McGivern (Hibernian). Attempt saved. Mickael Antoine-Curier (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Andy Ryan (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Scott Robertson (Hibernian). Foul by Martin Canning (Hamilton Academical). Jason Cummings (Hibernian) wins a free kick on the right wing. Andy Ryan (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Ryan McGivern (Hibernian). Mickael Antoine-Curier (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Michael Nelson (Hibernian).
Media playback is not supported on this device Wendie Renard glanced in a header from a corner deep into injury time to consign Mark Sampson's side to a cruel defeat in Pennsylvania. Marie-Laure Delie had headed France level with 10 minutes to go after Jordan Nobbs' 25-yard opening goal. England's second game in the four-team tournament is against hosts the United States in New Jersey on Saturday. They then finish with a game against Germany in Washington on 7 March. Wednesday's result means England are still waiting for their first victory in the SheBelieves Cup, having drawn one and lost two in last year's event, and are without a win over the French since 1974. Sampson's team are the lowest-ranked side in the event, with World Cup holders USA first, European and Olympic champions Germany second and France third. The USA later beat Germany 1-0, with Lynn Williams scoring for the hosts. Match ends, England 1, France 2. Second Half ends, England 1, France 2. Goal!  England 1, France 2. Wendie Renard (France) header from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Amel Majri with a cross following a corner. Corner,  France. Conceded by Demi Stokes. Foul by Amandine Henry (France). Jill Scott (England) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Wendie Renard (France) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Amel Majri with a cross following a corner. Corner,  France. Conceded by Jill Scott. Karen Bardsley (England) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Amandine Henry (France). Nikita Parris (England) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Marie-Laure Delie (France) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Millie Bright (England). Substitution, England. Isobel Christiansen replaces Jordan Nobbs. Foul by Eugénie Le Sommer (France). Lucy Bronze (England) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Amel Majri (France) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Nikita Parris (England). Substitution, France. Amel Majri replaces Griedge Mbock Bathy because of an injury. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Griedge Mbock Bathy (France) because of an injury. Sarah Bouhaddi (France) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ellen White (England). Goal!  England 1, France 1. Marie-Laure Delie (France) header from very close range to the top left corner. Assisted by Élodie Thomis with a cross. Marie-Laure Delie (France) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Jade Moore (England). Offside, France. Amandine Henry tries a through ball, but Wendie Renard is caught offside. Eugénie Le Sommer (France) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Lucy Bronze (England). Substitution, France. Élodie Thomis replaces Gaëtane Thiney. Hand ball by Eugénie Le Sommer (France). Delay over. They are ready to continue. Substitution, England. Alex Scott replaces Rachel Daly. Substitution, England. Nikita Parris replaces Ellen White because of an injury. Delay in match Ellen White (England) because of an injury. Substitution, France. Eugénie Le Sommer replaces Kadidiatou Diani because of an injury. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Kadidiatou Diani (France) because of an injury. Amandine Henry (France) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Ellen White (England).
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) said sales were up 8.4% compared with February last year. Sales of alternatively fuelled vehicles jumped 19.9% year-on-year, with diesels up 5.6%. Fleet sales fell 1.4% but still accounted for 53.1% of new vehicle sales in the month. SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes said: "February is typically one of the quietest months of the year ahead of March's plate change, but this positive performance is encouraging and puts the sector in a good position for the coming 12 months." Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said only 4% of cars typically were registered in February, so "small movements in the absolute number of registrations have a big impact on the headline growth number". "High consumer confidence, lower petrol prices and cheaper unsecured credit have enhanced the attractiveness of car ownership, but these drivers will be less supportive of sales growth in 2016," he added. "Growth in car sales therefore looks likely to moderate, contributing to a slowdown in the overall consumer spending recovery this year." A record 2.63 million new vehicles were registered last year - about 6% higher than in 2014 and the fourth consecutive year of growth, according to the SMMT. The top selling models in February were the Ford Fiesta, Volkswagen Golf and Nissan Qashqai. VW sales were down 13% compared with February 2015, although Toyota recorded a 16% drop and Vauxhall a 17% slide. Ford sales were 12% higher compared with February 2015 at 11,513 vehicles,
The Ryder Cup veteran, 41, finished two over par, two shots adrift of the projected cut and down in tied 93rd. He needed to win at least £23,905 ($30,639) - equivalent to a top-30 finish - to retain his tour place. But the 2008 Open runner-up said: "It doesn't mean you're never going to see me again." He later added on Twitter: "You don't get to number five in the world and help lift a few Ryder Cups and disappear. "You come back stronger and more determined than ever." Scotland's Martin Laird, who won the Texas Open in 2013, remains in contention at the halfway stage in San Antonio. The 34-year-old shot a second-round 67 to leave him five under par, three shots behind the joint leaders, American pair Bud Cauley and Tony Finau. Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell is two under but England's Luke Donald, runner-up in last week's RBC Heritage, missed the cut on four over. First-round leader Branden Grace carded a one-over 73 to drop back into a seven-way tie for 10th, alongside Laird. Poulter, who shot 75 and 71, said he would still play on the PGA Tour through sponsors' invites and add more European Tour events to his schedule. The world number 190 added he thought his struggles had been "slightly over-dramatised". "It means I've got some work to do and I need to go away and do some work," he said. After missing the second half of last season with a foot injury, Poulter started this season needing to earn either 218 Tour points or £271,514 ($348,000) in 10 events to retain his full playing privileges. He has accrued 155 points and prize money of £247,335 ($317,010).
Now it's been announced that Bryan Cranston is to make his UK stage debut in an adaptation of the 1970s Oscar-winning film Network. The 60-year-old US actor will play Howard Beale, a TV news anchor who announces he will kill himself on air after he's told he's being sacked for declining ratings. In a famous scene, Beale implores his viewers during an on-air meltdown to shout out of the window: "I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take this any more!" Adapted by Billy Elliot writer Lee Hall, Network will open on the National Theatre's Lyttelton stage in November. It will be directed by Ivo van Hove, whose Hedda Gabler at the NT is currently a sell-out hit. Announcing its new season on Friday, National Theatre boss Rufus Norris described Network as "one of the greatest media satires of all time". "It's incredibly prescient in terms of the world today," he said. "I think it will stand up in our digital world." The 1976 film, directed by Sidney Lumet, won four of its 10 Oscar nominations. Peter Finch, Faye Dunaway and Beatrice Straight cleaned up in three of the four acting categories while writer Paddy Chayefsky won for original screenplay. Norris said van Hove had been talking about the idea with Cranston for "a couple of years". "He's got a fantastic pedigree as a stage actor," he said. "It's a part that requires something compelling and special." Norris pointed out that Beale's "mad as hell" line was still being quoted at demonstrations - and had appeared on a placard held by singer Charlotte Church at a rally in 2015. Cranston won a Tony award in 2014 for his Broadway debut in Robert Schenkkan's play All the Way. He was Oscar nominated last year for Trumbo. Other announcements made by the National Theatre on Friday included: Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
The singer hasn't given a reason for his decision yet, but his team have said that it was because of "unforeseen circumstances". Bieber has already performed in more than 150 shows since starting his tour in March 2016, with an average of 40,000 tickets sold for each date. A statement on his website said: "Justin loves his fans and hates to disappoint them. "He is grateful and honoured to have shared that experience with his cast and crew for over 150 successful shows across six continents during this run. "However, after careful consideration he has decided he will not be performing any further dates. Tickets will be refunded at point of purchase."
He has launched a consultation to try to find agreement on how universities should be paid for. The consultation has been called the 'Big Conversation'. Speaking in the assembly, Mr Farry said that Northern Ireland was the only part of the UK actively "disinvesting" in higher education. The consultation process will involve a number of events and online presentations in order to seek opinion from students, university staff, unions and the wider public. Just under 40% of funding for Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) and Ulster University comes directly from Stormont's Department for Employment and Learning (DEL). However, the universities faced cuts of more than £16m in funding from DEL in 2015/16, which followed cuts in funding during previous years. Ulster University is shedding about 200 jobs in 2015/16 and 1,200 student places over the next three years, while Queen's University announced in April that it was cutting 236 jobs in 2015/16 and 1,010 student places over the next three years. Ulster University also closed a number of courses and departments including their School of Modern Languages at Coleraine, County Londonderry. The universities also draw about 30% of their annual funding from student tuition fees, which are currently £3,805 per year for students from Northern Ireland. Some students also study for degrees at further education colleges, and that budget was also reduced this year by about £12m. DEL's budget was reduced by £62m earlier this year, and its budget for higher education institutions fell from £203m to £186m, a reduction of 8.2%. Mr Farry said that, given its importance to the local economy and the fact that just under half of young people in Northern Ireland entered higher education, the status quo was no longer an option. During subsequent questions, a number of MLAs including Phil Flanagan of Sinn Féin, Jim Allister of the Tradition Unionist Voice (TUV) and Basil McCrea of NI21, expressed concern about a possible rise in tuition fees. In response, Mr Farry said that he had an "open mind" and that "this is not a conversation about whether we have fees or don't have fees". "All options have to be on the table and fees are only one of many options facing us. This is not a done deal process." The consultation ends on 23 October, and Mr Farry said he wanted to present options to the Northern Ireland Executive in the autumn.
He said the DUP would speak to the PSNI to seek answers about the killing. Mr McGuigan was shot at Comber Court in east Belfast on Wednesday night. Asked if he was concerned about IRA involvement, Mr Robinson said: "I think everyone should be concerned that would be the case." "Let's allow the police to fully investigate the matter," he said. "We will speak to the PSNI to see what their findings are in terms of the involvement of any organisation. "But let's be very clear, there will be repercussions if that was found to be the case." He added: "It would certainly be totally unacceptable for any organisation which is involved in violence to be part of the Executive of Northern Ireland." Mr Robinson was referring to the potential political consequences for Sinn FÃ©in, the main republican party in Northern Ireland and the second biggest party in the assembly. Mr Robinson described the murder as a "savage killing" and said it "should be a warning to all politicians and others about how easy it would be to slip back into those bad old days." He said there were people who would step into a "void" to "exploit political difficulties". "The collapse of the assembly will feed that kind of activity we have seen over the last number of weeks from dissidents in our society," the DUP leader added. Sinn FÃ©in MLA Alex Maskey said he did not believe the PIRA was involved in the murder and expressed concern about "unhelpful speculation". "I don't accept for one second that the IRA has been involved in this, it just doesn't register at all," he said. "We will be meeting the PSNI shortly to make sure that they do their job, which is to have a very thorough and rapid, speedy and professional investigation into whoever caused this killing and whoever caused this killing should be and hopefully will be brought to justice as speedily as at all possible. "We're calling for calm, we're calling for respect for this particular family at this time in the midst of their grief and we're cautioning against unhelpful and unwelcome speculation." In a separate development, Mr Robinson said there had been talks over the summer between parties about the deadlock over welfare and that they would continue. He said: "We've gone through the exploratory stage. "We're now at the preparatory stage where we look at what can be done in the circumstances. But clearly by the autumn it will be necessary to have reached an agreement." He said he did not want to be "too precise" over the date by which there had to be a resolution, but that the autumn was the critical time. Mr Robinson added that progress was being made on all of the other issues in the Stormont House Agreement, including new mechanisms to deal with the past and the civil service voluntary exit scheme. But he said the main issue holding up the process was welfare. He warned again that the political institutions in Northern Ireland were in danger if the situation was not resolved. "If Stormont House is not implemented, we are still in the situation where Stormont is not fit for purpose and is capable of collapsing," he said.
Two communities are claiming compensation and want Shell to clean up their land. Shell said it is at an "early stage" in reviewing the claims and that the case should be heard in Nigeria. The Ogale community of about 40,000 people in Rivers State, on the coast of Nigeria, who are mainly farmers or fishermen, are some of the claimants. Their case is being handled by law firm Leigh Day. Spills since 1989 have meant they don't have clean drinking water, farmland or rivers, their claim says. It points to a November 2015 report by Amnesty International which says four spill sites Shell says it planned to clean up are still contaminated. The first court hearing at the Technology and Construction Court, held on Wednesday, found that the claimants can can lodge a case against Shell's Nigerian business, known as Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria (SPDC).  Shell declined to comment on the ruling. Amnesty's findings followed a 2011 report by United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) which found water contaminated with oil by-products including benzene, thought to be a carcinogen. It suggested a clean up, but said a "sustainable recovery" of the area could take up to 30 years. Shell says it has agreed a clean-up plan. "In mid-2015 SPDC JV, along with the government, UNEP and representatives of the Ogoni community, agreed to an 18-month roadmap to fast-track the environmental clean-up and remediation of Ogoniland which includes a governance framework," it said in a statement. The Bille community, who are mainly fishermen and are the other party to sue, claims Shell should be liable for "failing to protect their pipelines from damage caused by third parties", according to Leigh Day. Pipelines in the area have been targets for thieves who steal crude oil and try to refine it locally. This has lead to more spills and damage though explosions. "Both Bille and Ogale are areas heavily impacted by crude oil theft, pipeline sabotage and illegal refining which remain the main sources of pollution across the Niger Delta. "Ogale is in Ogoniland and it is important to note that SPDC has produced no oil or gas in Ogoniland since 1993.  Access to the area has been limited following a rise in violence, threats to staff and attacks on facilities," Shell said. But the communities say Shell pipelines lack the technology to detect and shut off leaks, whatever the cause. Daniel Leader, partner at Leigh Day said: "It is scandalous that four years after the UNEP Report Shell is yet to clean up its oil in either Ogale or Bille.   Our client's patience has now run out and we intend to force Shell to act since it is clear they have no intention of doing so on their own." In January last year, Shell agreed to an $84m (Â£55m) settlement with residents of the Bodo community in the Niger Delta for two oil spills. The same law firm, Leigh Day, said their 15,600 clients would receive $3,300 each for losses caused by the spills. The remaining $30m would be left for the community, which Leigh Day said was "devastated by the two massive oil spills in 2008 and 2009". That dispute began in 2011. During the trial emails, letters and internal reports submitted to a court in London, and seen by the BBC, showed that senior Shell employees were concerned before the spill that Shell's pipelines in the area had reached the end of their lives and needed replacing to avoid danger to lives, the environment and the economy. Two spills in 2008 affected about 35 sq miles (90 sq km) in southern Nigeria, according to the Bodo community which sued Shell. Shell said at the time it "dismisses the suggestion that it has knowingly continued to use a pipeline that is not safe to operate".
Ruth Munro's mother, Margaret McPartlin, died in September 1993 aged 73. But a court heard she continued to draw Ms McPartlin's pensions from British Steel Corporation and Diageo. Munro, 67, from Tullibody, Clackmannanshire, admitted defrauding the schemes of Â£18,577. Alloa Sheriff Court was told that between 1993 and May 2015 - by which time Ms McPartlin would have been 94 - she pretended to the administrators of both pension schemes that her mother was still alive. Sheriff Linda Smith deferred sentence for a criminal justice social work report until 10 November and ordered Munro to reappear then. She said: "I'll continue this for reports to be made available." It is expected that Munro's solicitor, Jay Goodwillie, will outline mitigating circumstances at the November hearing.
The high jumper won bronze in 2008 but that result is now in doubt after 454 samples from those Games were retested. "It's the most complete shock," said Chicherova, who went on to win gold at the 2012 Games in London. "I can't explain how it could have happened. I was always sure what supplements and medicines I was using." Earlier this month, the International Olympic Committee said up to 31 athletes from around the world could be banned from the Rio Olympics as a result of the retests, which were conducted using the latest scientific methods. The Russian Olympic Committee subsequently revealed that 14 of those 31 athletes were Russian. A Russian TV report then claimed those 14 athletes included 10 medallists, among them 33-year-old Chicherova, who is planning to defend her Olympic title at the Rio Games, which begin on 5 August. Sports minister Vitaly Mutko admitted the news did not "look good" but said the results were "not an objective picture" of Russia's doping situation. Media playback is not supported on this device Russia's athletes are already banned from international competition following allegations of state-organised doping. But in an interview with BBC sports editor Dan Roan, Mutko said he expected the ban to be lifted for Rio because it would be "useless" for the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) to continue punishing them. He also held the IAAF partly responsible for Russia's predicament, claiming it helped cover up the positive tests. "The priority for them [IAAF] must be the development of track and field worldwide and you cannot achieve that with punishment," he said. "It damages hugely the reputation and image of track and field. It would decrease the popularity of the sport in Russia. Kids would not want to do it."
Seventeen student bodies have endorsed the BDS movement - which calls for an international boycott of Israel over the way it treats Palestinians. Some Jewish students in the UK say growing support for BDS has fuelled a rise in anti-Semitism on campuses. The Commission said it would assess the concerns and take action if necessary. The BDS - which stands for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions - describes itself as a human rights organisation and criticises Israel for its human rights record. It says it stands for "freedom, justice and equality", saying it is "inclusive and categorically opposes as a matter of principle all forms of racism" - including anti-Semitism. Devora Khafi, a student at Queen Mary University of London, is one of nearly 10,000 Jewish students in the UK. She told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme she felt physically intimidated when other students hijacked a speech at London's UCL given by a former Israeli defence force officer. She said she was pushed against some doors, jostled and shouted at by protesters. She says she fears having a connection with Israel has made other people at her university hostile towards her. "If I ever express a viewpoint in class or on social media, I get comments, in public or private," she said. "It has been hard. It's been two years of constant fighting for our freedom of speech, our rights, our wellbeing. I've missed deadlines, I've had counselling, I've had anxiety episodes," she said. Devora believes the BDS movement is adding to a climate of hostility against Israel on campus, which she says has turned her and other Jewish students into scapegoats. "If you look behind the BDS lens, it calls for these things that are not peaceful. They harm Jewish students and pro-Israel students and they don't support a peaceful, atmosphere on campus." Support for BDS has been growing rapidly on British campuses. London's School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) students' union in London was one of the first to endorse the BDS, after students voted in favour in a referendum in 2015. The students' union implemented an academic boycott of Israel. The BBC found 17 students' unions have now passed motions to endorse the BDS boycott of Israel. They include Belfast, Birkbeck, Brunel, Essex, Exeter, Goldsmiths, Kings College London, Kingston, Lancashire, Liverpool, Manchester, SOAS, Strathclyde, Sussex, Swansea, University of Arts London and UCL. But it is possible they may be breaking the law by backing the movement. Since 2010, students' unions have become registered charities, meaning they have a legal duty to represent the interests of their members. According to guidance, public comment should also be limited to matters that affect the welfare of the union's members as students. The BBC understands these issues have been raised with the Charity Commission, which is assessing them to determine if any regulatory action should be taken. A Charity Commission spokesperson said concerns about links to the BDS Movement would be "assessed consistently" and, where appropriate, it would "take regulatory action". David Holdsworth, from the commission, said students' unions must not be discriminatory towards students "of a particular faith or race". Isaac Bentata, a student at UCL, said there were times when he didn't feel comfortable expressing his views as a Jewish student. "During my first week at university all I saw were BDS stickers", he explained. He said he was accused of being a "Mossad agent" after speaking up at one BDS event. "As we left the event we saw that we were being followed by this guy and we had to run to the station because we'd heard about him being particularly hostile," he added. "I thought, 'this is not how I'm supposed to be feeling because I asked questions during a debate at a university'." Both the NUS and the BDS National Committee declined to comment to the BBC. Of the students' unions we contacted, only SOAS provided us with a response. Its co-president, Ayesha Abbasi, said it was a "democratic organisation" and followed "democratic decision-making processes." "We have had no formal complaints of anti-Semitism or bullying from any Jewish students since the BDS referendum," she added. Sai Englert, a Jewish PHD student at SOAS and a member of the university's Palestine Society, said: "The idea that somehow supporting BDS, supporting boycott etc is a blanket boycott on individuals I think is very dangerous. It's not. "It's about saying 'we don't want institutional links, economic links, political links with institutions, governments, companies that are complicit in attacks on rights'." Watch the Victoria Derbyshire programme on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel.
Resuming on 111-4, Voges moved his overnight score on from 29, occupying 196 deliveries to frustrate Hampshire's attack, led by Kyle Abbott (5-59). As Voges, James Franklin and John Simpson fell to the new ball, it left them on 215-8 and Hampshire in hope of a win, with the lead at just 133. But the Middlesex tail held on and hands were shaken on a draw after tea. Middlesex were the only side to remain unbeaten over the entire 2016 season as they claimed their first title since 1993, but they looked in danger of beginning a new campaign with a loss when they got under way. Without the injured Fidel Edwards, Abbott - who took his total to 16 Division One wickets in two matches - led Hampshire's attack, with Brad Wheal (3-73) also contributing. Voges survived an lbw appeal on 29 before nightwatchman Steven Finn (16) was caught off a Wheal bouncer, but Simpson joined the former Australia Test batsman to stop any Hampshire momentum. However, with the new ball in hand, Abbott gave the hosts a glimmer of hope, having Voges caught behind and Franklin taken in the slips before Gareth Berg snared Simpson (22) for wicket-keeper Lewis McManus' fourth catch. It wasn't to be for Hampshire though as Toby Roland-Jones (25), Ollie Rayner (17 not out) and Tim Murtagh (19 not out) took Middlesex to a lead of 196 and safety at tea. Michael Carberry and Jimmy Adams were brought on to bowl, signalling their intentions to agree on a draw, which brought both sides 10 points and moved Hampshire into second place in Division One behind Surrey. Hampshire captain James Vince told BBC Radio Solent: "The way the guys fought back from Middlesex being 220-2 in their first innings to get into a position where we were really close to being able to chase a gettable score on that wicket is an incredible effort from everyone. "The bowlers, having lost Fidel early in the first innings, were outstanding to put in a shift to get us into that position. "We did exactly what we wanted with the new ball and came within one wicket of probably setting up a 150-run chase in 40-odd overs. So it's huge credit to all the boys." Middlesex head coach Richard Scott told BBC Radio London: "We showed the old resilience of last year when we were up against it. "When the new ball came, a couple of quick wickets fell, but Ollie Rayner, Toby Roland-Jones and Tim Murtagh were magnificent. "We put ourselves under the pump this game. We dropped some crucial chances - if we'd have taken those chances we'd at least of had parity after the first innings. But that wasn't to be and I thought they played very well."
An article in Buzzfeed suggesting that the social network was about to introduce what is known as an algorithmic timeline - promoting tweets deemed most relevant rather than publishing them in reverse chronological order - sparked a wave of what can only be described as furious panic. Under the hashtag #RIPTwitter, thousands, perhaps millions, told the world that this was the end of civilisation as we know it, that a beautiful thing was being crushed, that the company, whose share price has been tumbling for months, was signing its own death warrant. Finally, the CEO Jack Dorsey was forced to react. "Hello Twitter!" he called out. "Regarding #RIPTwitter: I want you all to know we're always listening. We never planned to reorder timelines next week." He went on "Twitter is live. Twitter is real-time. Twitter is about who & what you follow. And Twitter is here to stay! By becoming more Twitter-y." But was Dorsey right to blink in the face of pressure? And should he be "always listening" to his users? That depends on whether you believe the hoariest old cliche of management books: "The customer is always right." I certainly sympathise with those who say that Twitter isn't broken, so it does not need the kind of radical fixing implied by an algorithmic timeline. For me, it works just fine, connecting me to like-minded communities of dog-owners, sourdough loaf bakers, and gadget enthusiasts, while providing the best breaking news service on the planet. Like many other heavy users of Twitter, I have been sniffy about recent innovations such as "Moments" and would rather things carried on just as they are. But perhaps Mr Dorsey and his management team should not be listening to people like me - we're almost certainly going nowhere. He has to cock an ear to the concerns of three other constituencies - investors, advertisers and the people who use Twitter infrequently or not at all. Because the crisis in his company is not about revenues, which are growing nicely, and it's not about what loyal users think - it is about growth. The last set of results showed Twitter user numbers had barely moved over the previous three months, up just four million. Investors who bought into the business when it floated on the hope that it would grow at the same rate as Facebook, shuddered at that news and will be watching nervously when the next set of results is published on Wednesday. Advertisers are asking why they should spend money with a network when it is not delivering the kind of audience available elsewhere. So Twitter's top team is trying all kinds of tricks to make the experience of joining and using the network more intuitive. And there's another reason why Jack Dorsey might be tempted to ignore those users protesting about a change that has not even happened yet. If he looks at the history of Facebook, he will see that just about every innovation introduced by Mark Zuckerberg has met with dismay from existing users. Here's how Techcrunch reported the arrival of something called Newsfeed in 2006: "There has been an overwhelmingly negative public response to Facebook's launch of two new products yesterday. The products, called News Feed and Mini Feed, allow users to get a quick view of what their friends are up to, including relationship changes, groups joined, pictures uploaded, etc., in a streaming news format." Petitions were signed, boycotts organised,  but quite soon the News Feed was seen as core to the Facebook experience, and then when it was tweaked there were again protests - from people who thought it was just perfect as it was. By the way, Zuckerberg's reaction to the Newsfeed protests was to say: "Breathe. We hear youâ€¦" and then carry on with his original plan. So the customer is not always right, and if you listen too closely to your existing users, you will end up preserving your site in aspic. That would be fine by me - I like Twitter in its current form.  But maybe Jack Dorsey should ignore me...
Typhoon Nida hit Hong Kong on Tuesday with high winds and torrential rain, forcing schools, businesses and transport services to shut. But the storm was reported to be weakening as it moved to the mainland. Guangzhou in Guangdong province issued a red alert, its highest weather warning, and people have been advised to stockpile food and essentials. The southern cities of Zhuhai and Shanwei are also on red alert, with transport, industry and public services largely grinding to a halt. Nida, which earlier passed over the Philippines, is set to be the strongest typhoon in the region since 1983, one official told Chinese state media, warning it could bring severe flooding. In Hong Kong, thousands of workers were evacuated from an offshore oil platform and from a series of tunnels and bridges being built to link the territory with two other cities. Hundreds of people took refuge in government shelters in the city, amid torrential rain and gusts of over 150km/h (93mph). Although Hong Kong officials ended their rainstorm alert at midday on Tuesday, they warned residents there was still a risk of flooding in low-lying areas. Southern China is hit by heavy rains every monsoon season, but this year has been particularly bad. In July, Typhoon Nepartak killed dozens of people in Fujian province and forced hundreds of thousands of Chinese people from their homes. It also caused deaths and damage in Taiwan.
The unidentified woman was helped to safety after running into waters in Ellel earlier, the fire service said. Fourteen flood warnings have been issued, including in Croston, which was hit by a severe deluge last year. Some rail services between Preston and Lancaster have also been cancelled after heavy flooding on the track. Read breaking news updates on BBC Lancashire Live Elsewhere, Burrow Beck in Lancaster has burst its bank, and there are two flood warnings for the River Condor at Galgate amid prolonged periods of heavy rain. No properties have been affected, although water is being pumped from culverts in some areas. Dave Wilkinson, who lives in Galgate, said: "If the river levels keep up like this it's obviously going to come over in the next 24 hours I would say. "This is just one night's rain. We've been here for six years now and it's never gone up as quickly as this before." The Environment Agency's flood warnings mean flooding is "expected", with "immediate action required". Police are advising people to avoid travelling where possible, to turn off electricity in their homes and avoid walking through floodwater. Drivers have also been urged to exercise caution.
The A9 drops from 150m (492ft) to 20m (65ft) as it enters a valley at the Berriedale Braes. Transport Scotland will run an exhibition at Berriedale Parish Church in Berriedale on 26 November outlining the proposed work. The plans will also be made available on the agency's website. The draft road orders for the work involved will be published on Friday. Transport Minister Keith Brown said: "The hairpin bend and steep hill at Berriedale Braes has presented drivers with a very challenging road to negotiate - and is why we are working hard towards delivering improvements right along the A9, including at the Braes." In August, the Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) called for work to tackle the bend to be accelerated. The Berriedale Braes were the scene of a lorry fire on 5 August which blocked the road for five hours. A 77-mile (124 km) detour was unsuitable for HGVs. The SCC said accidents were a "frequent occurrence" and adversely affected businesses in the far north and Orkney. Transport Scotland said a solution to the hairpin was being progressed.
After decades of debate, years of acrimony over the issue in the Conservative Party, months of brutal brinksmanship in Westminster, and hours of debate this week, MPs have just approved the very first step in the process of Britain leaving the European Union. There are many hurdles ahead, probably thousands of hours of debate here, years of negotiations for Theresa May with our friends and rivals around the EU, as she seeks a deal - and possibly as long as a decade of administrative adjustments, as the country extricates itself from the EU. On a wet Wednesday, the debate didn't feel epoch-making, but think for a moment about what has just happened. MPs, most of whom wanted to stay in the EU, have just agreed that we are off. This time last year few in Westminster really thought that this would happen. The then prime minister's concern was persuading the rest of the EU to give him a better deal for the UK. His close colleagues believed the chances of them losing, let alone the government dissolving over the referendum, were slim, if not quite zero. Then tonight, his former colleagues are rubber stamping the decision of a narrow majority of the public, that changed everything in politics here for good. This isn't even the  last vote on this bill. There are several more stages, the Lords are likely to kick up rough at the start. But after tonight, for better or worse, few will believe that our journey to the exit door can be halted. As government ministers have said in recent days, the moment for turning back is past.
They scored 428.91 to come second behind Chen Aisen and Lin Yue of China. Daley, 21, and Goodfellow, 19, improved on their effort in the first round of the series in Beijing, where they picked up bronze. Tonia Couch and Lois Toulson took bronze in the women's event, while Chris Mears and Jack Laugher won 3m synchro bronze for Britain. Coach and Toulson's bronze followed a silver won in Beijing, but Mears and Laugher's success was their first medal of 2016. The third round of the series takes place in Windsor, Canada from 15-17 March before the final leg in Kazan, Russia a week later.
Former special constable Debra Martin previously said Kevin Williams spoke to her in the ground's temporary mortuary. But, intensive care expert Dr Jasmeet Soar said he had not found "a medical explanation for that". He said Kevin's heart was likely to have stopped after 15:30 following an unsuccessful resuscitation attempt. The teenager was one of 96 people who died following a crush at the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest on 15 April 1989. Kevin's mother Anne campaigned for more than 20 years for a new inquest into his death, but died before the current hearings began. Dr Stefan Popper, the coroner who oversaw the original Hillsborough inquests in the early 1990s, ruled all those who died had suffered fatal injuries by 15:15. As such, he said, he did not need to hear evidence on any events after that time. It was, according to the current coroner Sir John Goldring, a "highly controversial decision", which the bereaved families "strongly disputed". The new jurors have heard how the 15:15 cut-off meant the first inquests did not look into whether the police, ambulance service and others handled the aftermath of the disaster properly. They have now heard evidence that some of the 96 may have been alive after 15:15, with one expert witness saying there was a "strong possibility" Jimmy Hennessy was alive on the pitch between 15:15 and 15:20 that day. Dr Soar, an expert in intensive care medicine and resuscitation, was asked to give his opinion of what happened to Kevin based on the evidence heard about the teenager's movements. The jury saw how Kevin was carried out of pen three at 15:28, at which point Dr Soar said he was "deeply unconscious", "unresponsive to stimulation" and did not appear to have "any body tone or muscle tone", which was "significant" because it indicated he was not conscious. Kevin was carried on a makeshift stretcher to the opposite end of the pitch, where a group of Liverpool fans and medics tried to resuscitate him after 15:32. The jury has heard evidence from Derek Bruder, an off-duty Merseyside police officer who was at the match, who said he found a "slight pulse" in Kevin. Dr Soar said Mr Bruder may have felt a "weak heartbeat" or he could have been mistaken. He said a series of photographs of Mr Bruder breathing into Kevin's mouth showed he was carrying out "textbook, exemplary" help, but he was confident that following 10 to 15 minutes of CPR, "there are no signs of life reported by the three individuals, so, yes, he was in cardiac arrest". In October, Ms Martin told the inquests she later felt a pulse in Kevin inside the stadium's gymnasium, when he was said to have woken up and said "mum". Dr Soar said he and his colleague Prof Nolan had "discussed at length" Ms Martin's evidence. "We don't think it's possible to be deeply unconscious for that duration and then to restore an adequate level of breathing and oxygen level and blood pressure for the brain to then regain adequate consciousness, then say a single word and then for that process to reverse again. "So, we don't have a medical explanation for that." The inquests continue. BBC News: Profiles of all those who died
Daniel James' late penalty gave Wales a first win in the competition after an opening draw against hosts France. Page's side face Ivory Coast in their final Group B game on Monday. "It's always a good sign when you win games of football and you haven't been at your best," said former Wales defender Page. "We probably played better against France and didn't win. "If someone would have said before the tournament that we'd be two games in and with four points going into the third game I'd snap their hand off. "It's our first time in this tournament and we've been up against excellent opposition against France and a different challenge against Bahrain." Wales are second after their win over Bahrain with next opponents Ivory Coast top of Group B after they beat France.
The approval of the austerity measure is an important victory for President Michel Temer. He took office earlier this year promising to lead the country out of its worst recession in many decades. Protests against the measure turned violent in the capital Brasilia and at least a dozen states in the country. The opposition says the measures will mainly hit areas such as health and education, which are already underfunded. Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets during the Senate session to protest against the austerity plan. After the vote, many demonstrations descended into violence. In Brasilia, masked protesters set fire to a bus and marched on the local offices of Globo TV, which they say is biased towards Mr Temer's government. But the marchers were blocked by riot police. In Sao Paulo, the headquarters of the state's conservative Industrial Federation (Fiesp) was attacked. To pass the constitutional amendment, the government needed the votes of 49 senators - three-fifths of the Senate. The measure was approved by a narrower margin than the government expected, passing by 53 to 19 votes. "We have won. That was the main thing: to deliver the product in the middle of a storm," said government leader in the Senate Romero Juca. The project, known in Brazil as PEC 55, freezes expenditure in the executive, judiciary and legislative branches of power, allowing them to grow only by the rate of inflation n the previous year. The government argues it is necessary to boost growth and investments, and contain the country's growing public deficit. But critics say the poorest in society will be harmed and that setting a spending cap for two decades in advance is unrealistic, says the BBC's Julia Carneiro in Rio de Janeiro. The measure takes effect on Thursday.
Media playback is not supported on this device The British Horseracing Authority (BHA) has also banned 15 horses trained by the 37-year-old for six months. Godolphin is run by the ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. Q&A - read more "Al Zarooni acted with recklessness and caused tremendous damage to Godolphin and British racing," said the stable's racing manager Simon Crisford. "I think it will take a very long time for Godolphin to regain the trust of the British public. We're shocked and completely outraged by the actions he has taken." Al Zarooni continued to be repentant after hearing of his punishment, saying: "I apologise to Sheikh Mohammed and all those at Godolphin, and the public who follow racing. "I accept it was my responsibility to be aware of rules and regulations around banned substances. "I can only apologise and repeat what I said in my statement earlier in the week - I have made a catastrophic error." One of the banned horses is Certify, the former 1,000 Guineas favourite, who will be clear to race again on 9 October 2013, as will the other 14 suspended thoroughbreds. Eleven horses were caught by drug testing, while Al Zarooni admitted at Wednesday's hearing to doping four others. Al Zarooni gave the steroids ethylestranol and stanozolol, which are prohibited substances, to his horses and he was charged with violating multiple rules related to banned substances, as well as failing to keep medication records and with conduct prejudicial to the sport. It's a hefty ban, but one that officials at the British Horseracing Authority say reflects how seriously they take their good record when it comes to drugs in the sport. Not long ago Mahmood Al Zarooni, personally picked by Sheikh Mohammed to be his trainer, was rated a rising star, yet now his promising career lies in tatters. Meanwhile, the Sheikh and the huge Godolphin operation will endeavour to re-group, but some of the mud is sure to stick, and things can never be quite the same again. Steroids are allowed in some countries, including Dubai, out of competition. Hopefully, this whole episode acts as a catalyst for the world's racing authorities to get their drugs rules consistent across the globe. BHA chief executive Paul Bittar said he hoped the bans for Al Zarooni and the doped horses "will serve to reassure the public, and the sport's participants, that use of performance-enhancing substances in British racing will not be tolerated". Bittar added: "We welcome the proactive response of Godolphin and Sheikh Mohammed in announcing their intention to review the procedures of this stable and the need to ensure that all horses formerly trained by Mahmood Al Zarooni are tested and cleared before they race again. "The BHA will itself consider the wider issues raised by this matter and we will seek to ascertain and collate all other relevant information including, where necessary, interviewing other employees or contractors of Godolphin." Sheikh Mohammed, who is worth an estimated £10bn, has "locked down" the Moulton Paddock stables in Newmarket where Al Zarooni trained. Speaking before the ruling, Sheikh Mohammed said he was "appalled and angered" by the news that part of his operation "has violated Godolphin's ethical standards and the rules of British racing". He added: "I have been involved in British horse racing for 30 years and have deep respect for its traditions and rules. There can be no excuse for any deliberate violation." Rachel Hood, president of the Racehorse Owners Association, added: "The ROA was profoundly disturbed by the findings that anabolic steroids had been administered to horses at Moulton Paddocks stables, and we wholeheartedly support the BHA's disciplinary panel in imposing a lengthy ban on Mr Al Zarooni. Artigiano, Bathrat Amal, Certify, Comitas, Desert Blossom, Fair Hill, Ghostflower, Opinion Poll, Orkney Island, Restraint of Trade, Sashiko, Sweet Rose, Tearless, Vacationer, Valley of Queens "Our sport invests heavily in its integrity services, which includes the BHA undertaking over 8,000 drug tests annually, either on the racecourse or on a random basis at training yards. "The fact that there have only been two cases of anabolic steroids being detected in recent years supports our view that this was an isolated incident." Al Zarooni is one of two UK-based trainers - the other is Saeed bin Suroor - for the powerful Godolphin operation. Since being appointed by Sheikh Mohammed in March 2010, Al Zarooni has trained a host of big-race winners, including 1,000 Guineas victor Blue Bunting in 2011. Last year, he won the St Leger at Doncaster with Encke and the richest race in the world, the Dubai World Cup, with Monterosso.
The initiative returns from 19-25 June ahead of a busy summer of elite sport which includes the cricket and rugby World Cups in the UK and Ireland. The European Football Championship starts in July in the Netherlands. The campaign will encourage the public to watch, listen, volunteer and take part in sporting activities. Crouch added: "We want more women and girls to get involved in sport and enjoy the huge benefits that being active brings to their lives." Shelley Alexander, editorial lead for women's sport for BBC Sport, said: "We'll devote even more resources to showcasing the best of women's sport across television, radio and online this year. "We'll also examine the pertinent issues across women's sport, with our original journalism interrogating the state of play of women and girls' sport from the grassroots to the elite."
The valuation caps a strong month for the virtual currency, with its value growing by more than 65% in a month. The steady rise in value is believed to be linked to policy changes in Japan and China that have made it easier for speculators to trade in bitcoins. Many other virtual currencies have also enjoyed a sustained rise in value over the last few weeks. Bitcoin first broke the $1,000 (£768) barrier in November 2013 but its value has fluctuated wildly since then. For instance, in early 2014 one bitcoin was worth only $280 (£215). And at the end of 2016, each one was changing hands for about $900 (£690). Bitcoin emerged in 2008 and is a digital currency based around cryptography. Individual coins can be split into smaller denominations and many people involved with the currency use computers to verify the globally-held log, known as the blockchain, of who spent what where. Verifying transactions involves solving a complicated mathematical problem and the first person to do so gets rewarded with bitcoins. Rising interest in bitcoin has sparked the creation of many other crypto-currencies. These have proved popular as the technology underlying bitcoin has struggled to cope with its popularity and growth. One estimate suggests bitcoins now make up only 47% of all traded crypto-currencies. Rivals such as Ethereum and Ripple have been gaining value far faster than bitcoin over the last few months. The surging valuations has led some commentators to suggest that an unsustainable crypto-currency bubble is developing. "The question is not if but when the market will turn," said an editorial in The Economist.
It follows hours of disturbances during the early hours of 17 March as hundreds of students and other young people celebrated St Patrick's Day. The Holyland is a residential part of south Belfast popular with students. Employment and Learning Minister Stephen Farry is to meet residents' representatives on Monday afternoon. Eleven people were arrested in the area and the city centre over the St Patrick's Day period. One policeman was injured when bottles were thrown at officers in Agincourt Avenue. A number of vehicles were also damaged and residents complained about excessive noise and litter in their streets. There has been a history of trouble in the Holyland on previous St Patrick's Days and talks have been held before in a bid to prevent students engaging in anti-social behaviour. The chairman of the Holyland Regeneration Association, Ray Farley, said the existing measures had not worked and called for Stormont ministers to intervene. Speaking last Friday ahead of the meeting, Mr Farry said he was "appalled" by the behaviour of some young people in the area but said the majority of them were not university or college students. However, he added that further steps to address students' bad behaviour would now be considered in light of this year's trouble.
People who depend on being able to harvest forest resources should receive payment under the schemes. But researchers say there is a "reality gap" between safeguards designed to help affected communities and who actually receives the compensation. The findings have been published online in Global Environment Change. "About 11% of global emissions come from deforestation and degradation of tropical forests so the idea is that if you can slow this down then that can offset emissions and that is good for climate mitigation," explained Julia Jones from Bangor University, Wales. Over the past decade, schemes called Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and forest Degradation (Redd/Redd+) have been developed as part of the global effort to mitigate climate change. These mechanisms are designed to improve forest management and reduce the net emission of greenhouse gases in tropical forest and sub-tropical forest nations. "It finally got approval (at the UN climate summit) in Paris in December that Redd+ will go ahead as a global climate mitigation mechanism," Prof Jones told BBC News. "What that means in reality is more protected areas and more funding. This sounds brilliant, after all it is a win-win situation and what is there not to like about it?" However, it has been widely acknowledged that such schemes - if not implemented properly - can have a significant negative impact on people's livelihoods, such as indigenous communities, and exacerbate poverty. "This has been taken on board by, for example, the World Bank," observed Prof Jones. "They have made commitments that anything they fund [and] people are displaced as a result, they must be compensated for it. "These commitments are also encapsulated in other doctrines, such as the Convention on Biological Diversity." But she added: "The problem is how do you go about doing that? The way that the World Bank guidelines work is that households affected by a scheme must be identified and then compensated for the negative impact of the establishment of a protected area on their livelihoods." In order to test whether the commitment to "social safeguards" were working on the ground, the team of UK and Madagascan researchers looked in detail at an area within Madagascar where a new protected area was being established. The work was being funded by the World Bank's Forest Carbon Partnership Facility. "We have shown that, yes, they have gone out there and identified households that they think are affected negatively by conservation and have delivered compensation." However, she added, the compensation was not reaching those most affected by the project. "We have mapped every single household that should have been covered by the compensation and have shown thatâ€¦ the process had some very serious biases in it," she said. "Essentially, the people that were identified were easier to reach physically - such as closer to the road or closer to the administrative centre. "They also tended to be more socially connected; members of local forestry management committees, and they were - on average - richer or, at least, less poor." Prof Jones said it was not what would be expected from a scheme that was delivering the help where it was needed most. "People that are closer to the administrative centre are further away from the forest so they are less dependent on forest resources for their livelihoods," she suggested. "What is interesting here is that the World Bank has very explicit guidelines that it has to be pro-poor and target vulnerable groups. We have shown that it is not working." She said the study required researchers to spend a long time in the area in order to learn where all the households were located. In some cases, team members had to walk for eight or nine hours in order to reach some of the most remote communities. "A criticism is that you can miss households like that if you come in for a short period of time but this is one of the problems;  you cannot expect consultants paid through a World Bank project to be putting in that level of effort to find individual households," she added. "We do not want to be criticising the individual implementers of that particular project but we want to highlight a 'reality gap' between these lovely policies that sound great on paper and the reality on the ground which is that it is incredibly difficult to implement these policies." Prof Jones said the study's aim was not to pass judgement on the projects nor the way the compensation scheme was implemented. There is value pointing out that there is this reality gap," she added. "In countries like Madagascar, there is such poor mapping so when you are planning something like this and you do not have a map that shows villages that have primary schools etc then you are not going to be allocating sufficient resources. "I would say that whenever there is any sort of effort to implement a conservation scheme then there needs to be an effort to map the human population. Relying on very old and out-of-date maps is not sufficient." The team suggested that providing compensation to all households in an affected area would prove to be more financially efficient, as the cost of providing the resources needed to map and assess households "may not be feasible".
Robert Norman, 54, is charged with misconduct in a public office while working at Belmarsh, a top-security prison in south-east London. He was allegedly paid more than Â£10,000 for 40 tips to reporter Stephen Moyes between 30 April 2006 and 1 May 2011. Mr Norman, of Swanscombe, Kent, denies the charge against him. Opening the case at the Old Bailey, prosecutor Julian Christopher QC said Mr Norman was an "extremely experienced" prison officer and a member of the Prison Officers Association, acting as union representative to colleagues. The court heard Mr Norman first phoned the Daily Mirror in 2006 and gave Mr Moyes a story about staff cuts at the prison, for which he was paid Â£400. The exclusive story described Belmarsh as a "terror prison" and ran alongside a photograph of one of its most notorious prisoners, radical preacher Abu Hamza al-Masri, the court heard. As the relationship developed, it became a "two-way affair" and Mr Norman carried on dealing with Mr Moyes when the journalist moved to the News of the World, the court heard. Mr Christopher said: "Sometimes Robert Norman would approach Stephen Moyes with something he thought would be of interest, at other times Stephen Moyes would approach Robert Norman for inside information about a topic in which he was interested, or for confirmation which he would not be able to get for free from the official channels at the Ministry of Justice press office. "Effectively, Robert Norman became the journalist's paid mole within HMP Belmarsh." The court heard that when Mr Norman was arrested in 2013 he maintained he had acted in the public interest as a whistleblower. Cheques for the stories were made out to Mr Norman's son Daniel and the money was then transferred into Mr Norman's account, showing he was "worried about the trouble he would get into" if found out, Mr Christopher said. The trial continues.
24 June 2015 Last updated at 14:21 BST But this is a hoverbike - one of the world's first flying motorcycles, that travels in the air at low levels. It's makers Malloy Aeronautics say it's based on drone technology and has been developed over many years. It can be flown by a driver or remotely. The first version was made in 2011 using a 1200cc BMW motorbike engine. The latest prototype is powered by four bladed fans. It's still not clear when the first ones will be ready to buy but there's a lot of interest, including from the US Military. Watch the hoverbike in action.
The "Co-bikes" are currently available from five sites in Exeter, including the central train station, the university and Sowton Park and Ride. It's hoped that by spring 2017 there will be eight hubs around the city. The initiative has been launched with support from Department of Transport, while Devon County Council has helped to fund the scheme. Mark Hodgson, Managing Director of Co-bikes, said: "After years of planning, we're very excited to be launching Co-bikes in Exeter. "The Co-bikes electric bikes are changing the way that people travel around the city and are affordable and easy as well as being great fun to ride", he added. For people who choose to become members, the service will cost 75p for 30 minutes, while non-members will pay double. The bikes have small electric motors which can travel distances of between 40 and 60 miles, and allow speeds of up to 15mph.
Thousands upon thousands of local council jobs look like getting the axe due to the spending squeeze, yet 270 jobs rolling steel slabs get a task force, all hands are on deck to find a buyer, while the opposition calls for nationalisation. It's not hard to see why. Nostalgia is part of it, these being the remnants of a once great and noble industry, around which large parts of Lanarkshire was built. It's partly because Clydebridge and Dalzell are symbolic of the impact of globalisation, forcing transition on workers and communities at a local level as the price of enriching the broader economy. Other parts of Britain and Europe feel the strain of in-migrating people. In Motherwell and Cambuslang, the concern is about out-migrating jobs. But it's also because there's discomfort that the new economy and the new labour market is unplanned and haphazard, buffeted by market forces and lacking in the security of big plants with jobs-for-life. It is not always easy to appreciate that Britain has grown quite successfully in recent years by retreating from the making of things. The service sector makes up 75% of the economy, and while it ranges from high-value finance and professional roles to burger-flipping and care homes, it lacks that noble quality with which the old heavy (and dirty) industries are seen in hindsight. There is widespread agreement that Britain needs to think again about manufacturing. On the freer market end of things, George Osborne coined the evocative ambition for there to be a "march of the makers". The rhetoric hasn't always matched the policy outcomes. Industrial policy at Westminster now consists of a push towards a more technically literate workforce, and incentives aimed at 11 chosen sectors, ranging across aerospace and automotive to nuclear and wind power, life sciences and professional and business services. There are also 'catapult centres' for propelling ideas towards the market in robotics, synthetic biology and better batteries. If you want to see what British manufacturing looks like these days (under German management and with a lot of robots), I'd highly recommend 'Building Cars Live' on the BBC iPlayer for two more weeks. We could do worse than make it required viewing for all secondary school pupils, particularly those with a bad experience of work placements. Meanwhile, the recent success of Jeremy Corbyn in winning the Labour leadership points to a desire, in some quarters, for a more interventionist government, willing to take control of strategic industries to serve a social purpose in addition to the shareholder one. So is this time to think again about an industrial policy? Even the Confederation of British Industry, which was closely aligned with the free market orientation of recent governments, wants to see a lot more intervention. Without it, Mr Osborne may find the makers are marching backwards. Wood Mackenzie, the economic consultancy based in Edinburgh, this week issued its projection of future manufacturing sectors in Europe. Largely because oil and gas is in decline, it showed Britain as one of only two countries, with Italy, where production is on track to decline. In the 1960s and 1970s, industrial and regional policies went hand in hand, and got themselves a bad name. In the Sixties, Harold Wilson's Labour government picked industries and locations for them that had more to do with rising unemployment and politics than financial viability. Ravenscraig had already been chosen as the heart of the steel industry in Scotland. There had been clear advice to locate a new, integrated steel works near a deepwater port, for import of iron ore and export of the steely stuff. Colvilles, the firm that dominated Lanarkshire steel-making before nationalisation, thought differently.  So did the government. Because steel workers were already in Lanarkshire, it was required that the new steel works should be where the steel communities were. The iron ore should come to them, which until 1978, meant small ships unloading at a rail terminus in central Glasgow. The government wanted a strip mill to supply the industries it wished to see develop in Scotland. It decided that the plan for an integrated strip mill should be split between Scotland and South Wales. What's worth noting about this is that the Prime Minister who made the announcement was Harold Macmillan, a Conservative. It's also worth a brief pause to wonder if the 'Craig steel works had been located at Grangemouth or Hunterston, requiring the workforce to move, the rest might not have been consigned to Scotland's industrial history. Other big industrial plants from the 1960s came and went. Linwood car plant and Bathgate trucks and buses are "no more", as the Proclaimers' song goes, or at least they are utterly changed, into a retail park and commuter housing. In the Highlands, Invergordon in Easter Ross, and Corpach, near Fort William, joined Dounreay as the government's designated industrial hubs. Neither aluminium nor paper were to perform as hoped at the two ends of the Great Glen. But as 1 November 2015 is the 50th anniversary of the Highlands and Islands Development Board starting its work, it is worth noting that this government response to de-population and decline was the starting point for a highly successful renaissance of the whole region, even without big industrial plants. "Lochaber no more"? No more. And more on that before long. In the 1970s, industrial policy became associated with nationalisation of old, loss-making industries as they lost markets to more efficient competitors far away. Poor management, terrible industrial relations and inept political interference gave intervention and industrial policy a bad name. And that was the launch pad for the market-driven 1980s, replacing the old industries with the service sector, and especially finance.  Not only were the old heavy industries privatised, but so were the new ones. The government stake in (at that time) the young industry of offshore oil, was sold off. Contrast that with our North Sea neighbour. For all the talk of Norway's enormous fund from keeping the proceeds of North Sea oil, there's little discussion now of how much better Norway has done by holding on to a very large portion of the equity in its offshore assets, as well as its tax take from them. Statoil is anything but a lumbering nationalised dinosaur. Other European countries have done significantly better than Britain at transforming old industrial heartlands. That's according to Professor Andrew Cumbers at Glasgow University, whose research into Germany, France and the UK makes uncomfortable reading for the economic departments in Whitehall. They chose the strategic manufacturing industries they wanted, and made sure they were protected and provided with investment. This was not with simple subsidy for losses incurred, but with state-controlled industrial investment banks, willing to take the long view with much cheaper and more attractive lending conditions than UK firms. In Germany, these banks were usually regional. So both an industrial and regional policy combined to ensure that strategic industries survived and often thrived. Professor Cumbers points out that successful developed countries have retained their own steel-making sectors, including the Netherlands, Belgium and the USA. Total output went up faster in the Old Industrial Regions of the UK, but employment growth was in the service sector rather than helping the march of the makers. Cumbers also points to a weakness of the UK's dependence on inward investment - that when companies contract, foreign headquarters are more willing to sacrifice distant plants. The fate of Britain's steel industry currently rests on decisions made in corporate headquarters in Bangkok and Mumbai. Recent decades show that the relative decline of manufacturing with the growth of the service sector is a widespread phenomenon that accompanies economic development. Economic theory says you shouldn't need to make your steel locally if it can be more efficiently produced elsewhere and imported. Britain is a very rare example of a country that seems willing to put that theory to the test. And given that it maintains a shipbuilding capacity on the Clyde to protect its strategic security interests - in being able to build warships for the Royal Navy - it is odd that it does not also insist on protection for the steel industry that supplies the Govan and Scotstoun yards.
Yn ystod cyfarfod mis Mawrth, â hithau'n ddiwedd blwyddyn ariannol, y cafodd y syniad ei drafod gan aelodau o bwyllgor Ymddiriedolaeth James Pantyfedwen. Yn ôl y Parchedig Ddr R Alun Evans, un o'r ymddiriedolwyr, y nod yw gwneud y defnydd gorau o'r arian sydd ar gael. "Trafod fu ynglŷn â'r posibilrwydd o edrych ar waith eglwysi sydd â chenhadaeth amlwg a phendant ganddyn nhw oddi fewn i'w henwad neu yn gyd-enwadol - gorau oll os mae hynny yw e - neu oddi fewn i'r gymuned. "Beth 'ych chi'n chwilio amdano yw elfen o fywiogrwydd a gweithgarwch yn hytrach na brics a morter yn unig felly. "Oherwydd mae e wedi digwydd, dros y blynyddoedd diwethaf, lle 'dan ni wedi dyfarnu grantiau a chael, gyda siom wir, bod y capeli yn peidio â bod mewn rhyw bum mlynedd. "Gwastraff arian yw hynny." Nod Ymddiriedolaeth James Pantyfedwen yw "hybu a hyrwyddo crefydd, addysg, y Celfyddydau ac amaethyddiaeth a phwrpasau elusennol eraill". Mae'r elusen yn cael £450,000 bob blwyddyn ac nid capeli ac eglwysi'n unig sydd yn gallu elwa ond gwyliau fel eisteddfodau ac elusennau hefyd. "O ran capeli ac eglwysi, falle bod ni yn gallu rhoi mwy o arian i lai o eglwysi wrth edrych eto ar amodau'r ymddiriedolaeth," meddai R Alun Evans. "Yn hytrach na gallu rhoi £1,000 neu £2,000, rhoi £7,000, £8,000 i £10,000 dywedwn, fel bod gwaith pwysig o genhadu yn y cymunedau yn gallu digwydd." Dyw R Alun Evans ddim yn pryderu y byddai'r newid pwyslais yma yn golygu prinder llefydd i bobl fynd i addoli yn y dyfodol, gan ddweud eu bod yn edrych yn ofalus iawn ar bob cais gan ystyried a oes yna gapeli o'r un enwad yn gyfagos. Ac mae ystyriaeth yn cael ei roi, meddai, i adeilad sydd yn bensaernïol bwysig neu o bwysigrwydd diwylliannol. "Yn ddiweddar iawn mi oedd 'na gapel yn Nyffryn Ogwen, sydd yn gapel ac iddo hanes gloyw iawn, iawn ond mae trafferthion i gynnal a chadw'r adeilad hwnnw. "Ond am ei fod o'n adeilad eiconig mi oedd o'n haeddu cefnogaeth." Er bod nifer y ceisiadau ar gyfer grantiau gan gapeli ac eglwysi wedi lleihau yn y blynyddoedd diwethaf wrth i fwy ohonyn nhw gau, mae mwy o geisiadau gan fyfyrwyr sydd eisiau gwneud gradd bellach mewn gwahanol feysydd. Mae'r ymddiriedolaeth wedi penderfynu felly rhoi mwy o arian iddyn nhw. Ond ers rhyw flwyddyn dyw elusennau mawr ddim yn derbyn grantiau. "Er bod nhw yn gwneud cais, dywedwch, am gyfrifiadur i swyddfa rhywle yng Nghymru, o'ch chi yn dweud, wel, mae digon o arian gyda chi wrth gefn," meddai R Alun Evans. "Mae gennych chi yn llythrennol filiynau wrth gefn ac felly mae'r elfen o gyfrannu at elusen, am y tro, wedi cael ei rhoi i'r neilltu."
Jones, 39, and Cardiff Blues pair Danny Wilson and Matt Sheratt have been added to Wales' staff for the Pacific Islands tour in June 2017. Wales head coach and assistant Rob Howley are away with the British and Irish Lions next summer. "Stephen will obviously get a lot out of it but I think there'll be more going the other way," said Pivac. Jones played well over 200 matches for Llanelli and Scarlets and returned to west Wales as a backs coach in 2015 after a spell as part of Dai Young's coaching team at Wasps. Pivac believes he has a future at international level. "He's been identified as a coach with a lot of potential and someone I believe will be a fine international coach going forward. He's going to be world class," said the New Zealander. "Wales are talking about playing an attacking game so I think Stephen will be able to add something there. He's taken a lot of his qualities he showed as a player into his coaching." Jones scored 917 points in 104 appearances for Wales and played fly-half in six Test matches for the British and Irish Lions. He is now sharing his expertise with Scarlets stand-off Rhys Patchell, a combination Pivac says is key to the team's success. "The relationship between the two is blossoming and that's great for Welsh rugby going forward," he added. "Technically Stephen is very very sound, tactically very switched on. We're in a pretty good place as a result of the hard work he's been doing."
The star, who had a string of pop hits in the 1960s before presenting TV shows like Blind Date and Surprise Surprise in the '80s, died on Saturday, aged 72. A book of condolence has been opened in her home city at Liverpool Town Hall. Childhood friend Terry McCann said Black told him she knew she was going to die and her beloved late husband Bobby Willis was "waiting for me". A post-mortem examination has been carried out. The results may not be officially published for several days or possibly weeks, but Spanish police have said the indications point towards natural causes. BBC News correspondent Robert Hall - who is in the resort of Estepona where Black lived - said she was found on her balcony by her son who was staying nearby. He said paramedics arrived at around 18:00 local time (17:00 BST) but were unable to save her. Mr McCann said he had seen the star in Spain during the last year. "I wasn't surprised when I found out she had died," he told BBC News. "The last thing she said to me was she was going blind, she showed me her hands, she had arthritis," he said. "She willed herself to die. She said, 'Bobby's waiting for me.' "Her mother went the same way. I don't know what her mother died of but it seemed she associated it with her mother's death and she just knew it was going to happen. "She just said, 'Look at me, I'm a wreck.' I was trying to cheer her up. She knew something we didn't. "She knew she was going to die and she said she wasn't going to linger like her mother. "Her mother was ill for two years and she had the same complaint and she said she was never going to linger like that." Liverpool City Council say that between 400 and 500 people have so far left messages in a book of condolence at the town hall, where the flag is also flying at half mast. The book will be open to the public until Friday. Fans signing the book on Monday included: Sylvia Lewis (above): "Occasionally I used to work on the cloakroom at the Cavern with her. One Saturday, when I wasn't [working], Cilla was the cloakroom girl. When it came to the end of the evening my coat had gone. Cilla had given it away to somebody else! I met Cilla at the Pride of Britain Awards every year and she always used to come up to me and say 'Girl, do you remember your coat? And we never found it, did we?'" Ann Stalker: "I absolutely love her. She was an icon from my era. I just wanted to pay my respects. I wrote: 'Ta-ra Cilla. You were a credit to us all. Rest in peace.'" Cheryl McFarlane: "She's somebody I remember so much and love very much. She's got a beautiful family and she was so wonderful to Liverpool. I just wanted to come and visit and say rest in peace." Since Black's death, tributes have poured in from figures ranging from UK Prime Minister David Cameron to Sir Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr - who knew Black from the Merseybeat scene in the '60s. Sir Paul described her as "a lovely girl who infected everyone with her great spirit." TV presenter Gloria Hunniford said Black never really got over the "deep loss" of her husband in 1999. "Bobby was wonderful. Wonderful as a manager and wonderful as a husband," Hunniford told BBC 5 live. "She was a one-boy girl and I don't think she ever got over the vacuum of the loneliness that Bobby left." Actress Barbara Windsor said: "I've seen her twice in the last few weeks. As always she looked immaculate. But I knew she wasn't very well. She didn't seem very well." Morrissey, who covered Black's single Work is a Four-Letter Word with The Smiths, also paid tribute. "Never stationary throughout the 1960s, Cilla Black made some great records - The Right One Is Left, Suffer Now I Must, It's For You, I've Been Wrong Before, What Good Am I? "I'm very grateful for the songs, and it never occurred to me that such people could die." Mr McCann grew up near Black and her family on Scotland Road in Liverpool. He discovered her vocal talents when they listened to music as youngsters. "She used to play records and sing along with them. That's when I realised. I was working at a club called The Iron Door and coaxed her to get up and sing. That was the first time she sang in public. "Everyone was surprised by how good she was but she was very, very nervous. Eventually her confidence grew later on." Mr McCann arranged an audition for Black with EMI - but The Beatles' manager Brian Epstein later won her signature and took over as her manager. Promoter Sam Leach put on the gig at The Iron Door and recalled how she ran to the toilets in tears afterwards. "I'd realised how good she was," Mr Leach said. "She was like [gospel singer] Mahalia Jackson. So when she came out I said, 'You've got a lovely voice.'" However, she said no when Mr Leach asked her to perform the following week. "She said, 'I'm not going to do it, I made a fool of myself,'" Mr Leach said. "I ignored that and put an advert in the [Liverpool] Echo." She had little choice but to perform the next week, Mr Leach added: "She was brilliant. Absolutely fantastic. She gave me a big hug and said, 'Thanks, I should have listened to you.' "That was the start of her career."
The Premier League team, who are on a two-game post-season tour of the United States and Canada, are scheduled to play Houston on Friday. Several people have died and dozens have been injured following record rainfall over the weekend. On Monday, hundreds of basketball fans were trapped inside an arena after an NBA basketball game. Supporters were advised to stay in their seats overnight following Houston Rockets' win against Golden State Warriors in the NBA Western Conference Finals. Many spent almost 11 hours at the Toyota Center, until the early hours of Tuesday morning. Manchester City are currently in Canada, ahead of their match against Toronto FC on Thursday.
The 22-year-old, who scored 20 goals last season, has started in both of the Baggies' league games this season. "We have no interest in selling Saido which is what I have told Spurs chairman Daniel Levy," said Albion chairman Jeremy Peace. "I know we are living in an age where no club can say 'never' about the possibility of selling a player." He added: "However, the prospect of selling Saido is simply not on our agenda. "We are going forward with Saido very much in our plans and still striving to add players to improve the balance of our squad." The Daily Telegraph reports the offer from Spurs is worth £15m, with Albion valuing Berahino at £25m. In February, Baggies boss Tony Pulis said he put Berahino "on the naughty step" after the forward said that "he hoped to move on to bigger things". Berahino, with 14 strikes, was the third top English scorer in the Premier League last season behind Spurs' Harry Kane and QPR striker Charlie Austin.
A report for ministers called for Literature Wales to have much of its funding and responsibilities removed. Literature Wales then described the review as a "dud", filled with "inaccuracies", which its funder, the Arts Council of Wales, also criticised. Mr Skates said he had been surprised to see "personal statements" that could undermine his response to the report. The review by Prof Medwin Hughes found the board of Literature Wales was "lacking the skills and experience" to spend public money. It said there was no evidence of strong governance at Literature Wales and its mission and goals were "unrealistic and vague". In response, Mr Skates announced that several responsibilities would transfer from Literature Wales to the Welsh Books Council. They include the Wales Book of the Year award, bursaries for writers and literary events. Mr Skates has now written to the Arts Council of Wales and Literature Wales to tell them he notes the "concern" they have with elements of the report. He has asked Prof Hughes and his panel to consider their criticism of the report and to respond during the summer break. In the letter, Mr Skates assured the organisations that their "concerns are being looked at" but criticised their public responses. "Some of you clearly perceive serious issues with the report," he wrote. "You have raised these with me and have agreed with me that the review panel should consider your concerns and respond to them. "I have therefore been surprised in recent days to see personal statements appear online which could be seen as seeking to undermine the process we have all committed to, without awaiting the panel's response. "This is not helpful." In the letter, Mr Skates adds: "I hope and expect that we will move forward in a way that allows this work to be completed in good faith and in doing so maintain productive and positive working relationships, both now and in the future."
The man cycled towards the girl in Enfield saying she had been caught shoplifting and he would search her. As he did so, he raped her and threatened her with a knife, the Met Police said. A 32-year-old man has been arrested. The attack in Sandhurst Road at 17:30 GMT on Wednesday has been linked to an earlier incident with a 12-year-old. The 12-year-old girl was approached by a man on a bike on Shirley Grove, near Sandhurst Road, at about 16:30 on the same day. He told the girl he was a police officer and that she fitted the description of a girl he needed to arrest. He told her she needed to go to a van with him and when she refused he grabbed her by the wrists. He eventually let go and she managed to run off. The arrested man remains in custody. Det Insp Tracey Cormack urged anyone who "may have witnessed these offences or think they may have been approached by this man" to contact the police.
South Korea has returned from a public holiday. At the end of the session, the Kospi index closed up 1.75% at 2,015.93. In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended the Thursday session higher by 3.2% at 16,911.05. That is the highest closing level for the index this month. The Japanese currency has steadily weakened to a one-week low against the US dollar. Overnight, the yen was at 109.21 against the US dollar, after trading at about 107 earlier in the week. A weaker Japanese currency would be welcomed by many Japanese exporters, as that would make their goods cheaper and more competitive overseas. Shares in electronics giant Panasonic closed up by 4.1%. Shares of car manufacturer Toyota gained 3.25%, while its rival Nissan saw a 2.5% gain at the close of trade. In Hong Kong, the benchmark Hang Seng index added 0.89% or 187.71 points to 21,346.42. On the mainland in China, the Shanghai Composite index edged up 0.06% to 3,068.58. In Australia, the benchmark S&P ASX 200 closed up 1.3% - or 63.95 points - at 5,118.6, rounding off three days of gains. Mining stocks led the rally in Australian markets, following a jump in iron ore prices. Shares of BHP Billiton surged by 5.3% at the close, while shares of rival Rio Tinto were up by 2.5%. Data from Australia showed the economy added 26,100 jobs in March. That led to a dip in the unemployment rate to 5.7% - the lowest rate since September 2013. In February, the unemployment rate was at 5.8%. The latest data could ease pressure on the Australian central bank to lower interest rates further, to help spur economic growth. The central bank's key lending rate is currently at a record low of 2%. The last rate cut was in May 2015. US markets closed positive overnight, led by gains in shares of financial institutions. JPMorgan shares surged by more than 4% after it reported a quarterly profit that beat market expectations for the three months to March. JPMorgan is the biggest US bank by assets.
Mokhtar Belmokhtar was killed in the eastern city of Ajdabiya, a statement from Libya's government said. The US says Belmokhtar was targeted and the strike was successful, but it is assessing the operation's results and would give details "as appropriate". Mokhtar Belmokhtar's death has been reported many times in the past. Born in Algeria, Belmokhtar was a former senior figure in al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), but left to form his own militia. He gained notoriety with the attack on the In Amenas gas plant in Algeria in 2013, when about 800 people were taken hostage and 40 killed, most of them foreigners, including six Britons and three Americans. The US has filed terror charges against him and officials said they believed he remained a threat to Western interests. "Belmokhtar has a long history of leading terrorist activities as a member of AQIM, is the operational leader of the al-Qaeda-associated al-Murabitoun organisation in north-west Africa, and maintains his personal allegiance to al-Qaeda," said Pentagon spokesman Col Steve Warren. The Libyan government said the strike came after consultation with the US. Their statement said it resulted in the death of the "terrorist Belmokhtar". Libya has been in chaos since the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Its internationally recognised parliament is operating in exile in the eastern port of Tobruk. A rival parliament, the Islamist-dominated General National Congress, is nearly 1,000km (620 miles) to the west in Tripoli. Rival militia have been battling to fill the power vacuum, with Islamic State militants battling other Islamists in the east.
The Times reported that telecoms firms AT&T and Verizon, as well as car rental company Enterprise and pharmaceutical giant GSK, have withdrawn all non-search advertising. An investigation by the newspaper found major brands were appearing next to YouTube videos promoting extremist views - generating revenues for the creators. The company has apologised and promised better tools for advertisers. Despite Google’s efforts to contain the row, which began in the UK earlier this week, it appears to have now caught the attention of the US advertising industry - creating a huge problem for Google as it seeks to reassure brands their ad spend is not funding hate groups. According to The Times, Verizon’s advertisements were appearing along side videos made by Wagdi Ghoneim, an Egyptian cleric who had been banned from the US over extremism, and Hanif Qureshi, whose teachings inspired the assassination of a Pakistani politician. “We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate,” AT&T said in a statement on Wednesday. "Until Google can ensure this won’t happen again, we are removing our ads from Google’s non-search platforms.” The UK-based investigation led more than 250 brands to pull their advertising. In a blog post published on Monday, Google’s chief business officer Philipp Schindler announced the company was expanding its policies on hate speech to include videos targeting vulnerable groups. In response to the latest boycott from the US brands, Google said on Wednesday: “We’ve begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear.” “We’re also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers’ brands.” Google is the dominant player in online advertising, and ads are by far the company’s biggest source of money. In 2016, the firm generated $80bn in ad revenue - accounting for almost 90% of the firm’s total income for the year. Of the boycotts announced on Wednesday, both Verizon and AT&T have major online advertising ambitions of their own. Verizon in particular recently agreed to purchase embattled web portal firm Yahoo for $4.48bn - a deal it hopes will help it compete with Google for ad sales. Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC. You can reach Dave securely through encrypted messaging app Signal on: +1 (628) 400-7370
Scientists found that the long dry spell that year - the UK's most intense drought between 1914 and 2006 - killed off many drought-sensitive beech trees. Growth of the trees is still restricted more than 30 years later, a study in the journal Functional Ecology said. The more drought-tolerant Sessile Oak survived better and is now dominating the beech. The scientific work was carried out at Lady Wood Park in the Wye Valley. This 45 hectare (111 acre) site is a national nature reserve and is attractive to researchers because it has been deliberately unmanaged since 1945. Detailed forest surveys have been carried out in the park over the past 70 years and the ecologists were able to use these along with tree ring data to discover how the different tree species fared over the period. Before 1976, beech was the dominant species in this area. But that summer's drought has permanently changed the makeup of the forest. That dry spell was the most exceptional drought in the years between 1914 and 2006 - it was 30% more intense than the next driest year, 1921. The researchers found that in the period immediately after 1976, there was a significant growth in beech mortality. Between 1977 and 1992, 17% of these trees died, while there were no deaths among the oaks. "The beech growth dropped very suddenly," said Prof Alistair Jump from the University of Stirling who carried out the work along with researchers from Joint Nature Conservation Committee. "The Sessile Oak which is slightly less competitive but is more drought tolerant took advantage and grew much better - and beech has never fully recovered in the system." The researchers say the oaks increased their growth rate by approximately 20% in the years immediately after 1976. The beech trees eventually stabilised their growth rate but only at around 75% of pre-drought levels. The scientists say that beech trees can appear to tolerate drought without a long term impact until a threshold is reached. "I think tipping point is a key idea, and that's something that we see very clearly in the work," said Prof Jump. "They are resistant up to a point and then we hit a tipping point and the system shows very severe impacts.  The problem is we don't know where these tipping points are for other species." The researchers say they expect the changes that they recorded at Lady Park Wood to have been replicated across the UK. This perspective is echoed by Ray Townsend, arboretum manager at the Royal Botanic Gardens, at Kew. He lived through the drought of 1976 and owns a home in the New Forest and he has been spending a good deal of time among the beech trees there in recent months. "Quite clearly you can see that the beech aren't happy," he told BBC News. "You can see evidence of the restriction of growth - I've seen that, the beech don't look as they should look - The oaks seem to be growing well, I'd never really thought about the reasons, but reading the research paper, it makes sense in a way." The study's authors believe that extreme events such as the drought of 1976 are likely to increase in frequency in the future and there could be similar implications for other tree species. To cope with these events, they say that forest managers need to manipulate the mix of species in their woods. But despite the extreme heat of the last few weeks, the scientists say that 2013 will not have the same impact on trees as the dry days of '76.  That year was exceptional as it followed on from a rain-free 1975. "This summer it won't happen," said Prof Jump. "Last year we were at the point where we were forecast to exceed the 1976 drought and then we had this phenomenal amount of rain  - that replenished the water supplies and that means for this year it would be highly unlikely." Follow Matt on Twitter.
"Ma Kali", as she is popularly known, is the Hindu goddess of destruction. Since it was uploaded a day ago, the Instagram post has received more than 11,000 comments, most of them abusive and by Indians. Many called for her to take down the picture. Perry has not responded to the comments and has left the image as is. The image she has used is commonly found on calendars and posters in India. Although some of her fans have tried jumping to her defence, they are far outnumbered by angry and emotional Indians. Indians tweet 'Who is Maria Sharapova?' Amazon sorry over India flag fiasco Perry is not the first international celebrity to offend Indian sensibilities online. Tennis star Maria Sharapova was mercilessly trolled for not knowing who cricketer Sachin Tendulkar was and Hollywood actor Richard Gere had a police case registered against him for kissing actress Shilpa Shetty on the cheek. More recently, online retail giant Amazon got into trouble for retailing doormats with the Indian flag emblazoned on them. The company was forced to apologise after India's foreign minister threatened action.
The rescue means that nine people have been recovered alive from the Rigopiano hotel in the eastern Abruzzo region. At least 15 people are still missing after the avalanche that came after several earthquakes and heavy snowfall. While one more survivor has yet to be rescued, Italian media said other voices may have been heard in the ruins during the night. Five people have been confirmed dead. The first five survivors were taken to safety on Friday, some 40 hours after the avalanche hit on Wednesday. They had reportedly taken refuge beneath a collapsed portion of ceiling, where they were able to light a fire to keep warm for two days. The rescue has been hampered by deep snow blocking an access road. There are also concerns that further avalanches could follow, Italian newspaper La Stampa reported. The first person pulled out on Friday was an eight-year-old boy, the son of a holidaymaker, Giampiero Parete, who had gone to his car when the avalanche struck and first sounded the alarm by calling his boss. The boy's mother, Adriana, was pulled out next, telling rescue workers her six-year-old daughter was still trapped inside. The little girl was also later saved and the family was reunited at a hospital in the coastal town of Pescara. Hospital officials told the Associated Press news agency they had symptoms of hypothermia and dehydration, but were otherwise in good health. Reports said all four children who survived did so because they were all playing in the same games room, that avoided the worst of the damage. The latest rescues, of two men and two women, took place at about 03:00 local time (02:00 GMT) on Saturday. Wednesday's earthquakes included four stronger than magnitude 5, in a region already struggling with heavy snowfall that buried phone lines and took out power cables. Many of the guests had gathered on the ground floor of the hotel to await evacuation following the earthquakes. But the avalanche completely buried the hotel at about 17:00 (16:00 GMT) on Wednesday. The force of the snow partially brought down the roof and, according to some reports, shifted the building 10m (32 feet) off its foundations. Rescuers, who were forced to ski and shovel their way towards the site of the avalanche, were reportedly only dispatched hours later. Rescuers are unsure of the exact total of people - guests and staff - who were at the hotel, but say it could be as many as 35. Italy has seen a wave of damaging earthquakes in recent months. The Apennines region saw three magnitude-6 tremors between August and October. It is believed that the geological stress is spread across a number of fault lines in Italy's mountain ranges - with recent earthquakes as the result.
The BBC found a disregard for health and safety on an estate in north-east India owned by Assam Company. The Rainforest Alliance, an ethical certification organisation, has now stripped a group of Assam Company's plantations of its green frog seal. The Assam Company said it was appealing against the decision. A group of Assam Company's estates lost its certification because "it was found to be in breach of critical criteria relating to the use of personal protective equipment", the Rainforest Alliance said in a statement. The Assam Company said the loss of its certification was because of a "minor error" on one estate - Hajua - while spraying a plant extract, which it understood did not require personal protective equipment. It said that because the Assam company estates operate in a "single cluster", the other estates were automatically decertified. Twinings, Taylors of Harrogate and Fortnum & Mason have suspended business with the company while Harrods took the tea off its shelves shortly after the investigation, which was broadcast in September. Workers at the company's Hajua estate were seen spraying agrochemicals without the protective equipment employers are required to provide, when the BBC visited. Men spraying reported breathing difficulties, numbness of the hands and face, a burning sensation on the skin and profound loss of appetite. The Rainforest Alliance said its auditor confirmed the BBC's evidence of unsafe spraying and the organisation had tightened its rules on the subject. Taylors of Harrogate said it will maintain a relationship with the estates and support efforts to improve standards. Twinings plans to continue working with the Ethical Tea Partnership (ETP) - an organisation set up by UK tea companies to improve workers' lives - to monitor the working and living conditions on all the tea estates from which it buys. It also plans to conduct a review of the Assam estates it sources from in the next few months. Because of the way ETP and the Rainforest Alliance work together, a Rainforest suspension automatically results in a suspension of ETP certification. Fortnum & Mason says it will not buy from Assam Company until its "problems have been successfully resolved and they are once again Ethical Tea Partnership certified". The original investigation also found workers on a number of Assam estates and plantations belonging to other producers living in broken houses with terrible sanitation. The Assam Company said it was "committed to the practices of sustainability and work to this end is in progress, with most of the work on housing, latrines and creche being planned after the closure of the plucking season, in December to March." It said this had been company practice for "many years". The Rainforest Alliance has ordered improvements to living conditions on two other plantations, owned by the world's biggest tea producer, McLeod Russel. The Moran and Behora tea estates supply the companies that own PG Tips and Tetley, as well as Twinings. Many workers were found to be living in leaking homes, without electricity. Many of the latrines had been blocked or broken for many years and families said they had no choice but to defecate among the tea bushes. A manager on the Moran estate admitted there was "a huge backlog of repairs" but the Rainforest Alliance did not decertify McLeod Russel's Assam estates because decent housing and sanitation were "not critical criteria". However, the Rainforest Alliance has admitted flaws in its audit process and last month made its criteria more demanding. Now any estates failing to provide adequate housing, water supply and sanitation will lose their green frog seal of approval. The Rainforest Alliance has given Mcleod Russel two months to improve conditions for tea workers on the Moran and Behora plantations. Unilever, which makes PG Tips, told the BBC it welcomes the fact that improvements on areas like housing and health and safety are being accelerated and will be subject to additional monitoring. Tata, which makes Tetley, said it has met with the producers to understand their plans to address the issues the BBC uncovered. It has been in discussion with the Rainforest Alliance and says it is committed to the fair and ethical treatment of people across its supply chain. McLeod Russel says work on homes and sanitation on its Moran tea estate has now been accelerated and will be completed by March. It has also improved drainage and laid concrete paths to workers' homes. The BBC has been told that conditions on the estate have already improved. "There has been a change on the Moran estate," says Mohesh Ghatawar, a campaigner with the All Adivasi Students Association of Assam. "Work has started to repair people's homes. And after a meeting with the tea workers' unions we've been told workers will get new toilets and sanitation soon." The investigation has had an impact beyond India. The Rainforest Alliance has ordered improvements on all the estates it certifies worldwide, including housing conditions, sanitation and access to drinking water.
Media playback is not supported on this device He once again helped rescue England's flaky batting as he hit an unbeaten 107 at a sun-kissed Lord's. Together with 85 from skipper Alastair Cook, Bairstow's third ton in six Tests dragged the hosts out of a hole in near-perfect conditions for batting. Rash strokeplay mixed with disciplined bowling from Sri Lanka had reduced Cook's men to 84-4 just after lunch. But Bairstow profited from a dropped catch and then the most marginal of lbw decisions to continue his wonderful early summer run of form. Not since beating India 4-0 in the summer of 2011 have England whitewashed a Test opponent in a series of three or more matches. And while the weather forecast for the remainder of the match is uncertain, Bairstow's fightback has given them a hold in a contest that had been drifting Sri Lanka's way. Media playback is not supported on this device While England have improved both in style and substance over the course of the last year, serious flaws remain - and the vulnerability of the top order is the most pressing of all. On a true pitch and under benign skies, they once again lost key wickets cheaply - four this time for 28 runs, having chosen to bat and looked completely untroubled in the first hour of play. First Alex Hales lost patience, having been kept runless for 22 balls, heaving unnecessarily at Rangana Herath to send a looping edge to Angelo Mathews at slip. Then Nick Compton, mired in a horrible trot of form and seemingly bereft of confidence, chased a wide half-volley and edged Suranga Lakmal behind for just one. Joe Root followed four runs later, pinned lbw by the same bowler after the initial not-out decision was correctly overturned by the third umpire, and when James Vince had his bail removed by Nuwan Pradeep for 10 just after lunch, England had slumped from 56-0 to 84-4. Compton's dismissal was the most chastening of all: to a ball that should have been routinely driven away for four, greeted by a ghastly silence from the near capacity crowd, followed by a slow walk back to the old pavilion, Lord's suddenly the loneliest place in London. It could have been worse had Shaminda Eranga held on to a straightforward chance at mid-wicket when Bairstow was on 11, the ball flying straight into his hands and out again. But the Yorkshireman, a stark contrast to Compton this summer in terms of sweet touch and confident animation at the crease, continued to play his shots with Cook in more sedate style at the other end. Cook reached his fifty off 89 balls - his first half-century of the series - and the only surprise was that his unflustered progress ended on 85, Pradeep trapping him lbw with a fine inswinger from round the wicket. Bairstow then had his second life, given not out to an lbw shout from Eranga on 56 when the review indicated that the ball appeared to be hitting enough off leg stump to send it cartwheeling away. Media playback is not supported on this device Had the original decision been out he would have been walking, but instead he settled in with first Moeen Ali and then Chris Woakes as afternoon turned to evening and the ball lost its shine and shape. By his aggressive standards it was a patient innings, but when offered anything overpitched or wide by a hard-working and parsimonious attack, he took full advantage. His first Test century at Lord's came with a tickle off the hip from his 160th ball as the evening shadows stretched across the pitch, and he celebrated in fitting style - helmet off, arms stretched out wide to the grateful crowd. Media playback is not supported on this device England's Jonny Bairstow on Test Match Special: "I am delighted. It was a bit scratchy but sometimes you just have to find a way to get there. The ovation at the end was something special." Former England batsman Geoffrey Boycott: "Bairstow sees it as scratchy - we see it as nicely batted. And it's a good job he was dropped because England would have been in real trouble. This middle order has got them out of jail." "England haven't had a great day. This isn't a great return for winning the toss - sunny day, good pitch. Whether it's enough depends on when we see Sri Lanka bat." Former England captain Michael Vaughan on Nick Compton: "He has struggled all summer. He needed a number on a true wicket against a straightforward attack. "It is a lonely world - international sport - when things are against you. He doesn't bring energy at number three. He doesn't have those gears."
Southgate was delighted with aspects of England's display in defeat in the friendly against Germany in Dortmund on Wednesday while the unspectacular win against Lithuania was all about getting three more points towards World Cup qualification. So what will Southgate take away from the last week as England look ahead to their next qualifier in Scotland on 10 June? Southgate set the normal rules about strikers and age aside to bring 34-year-old Jermain Defoe back into the England fold four years after his last goal for his country, scored in a victory against San Marino. Injuries to main striker Harry Kane and all-time record goalscorer Wayne Rooney forced Southgate's hand but he was able to call on the hard evidence provided by Defoe's 14 Premier League goals in a Sunderland side renowned for not making chances and rooted to the bottom of the table. Defoe has always traded in the game's most important currency, goals, throughout his lengthy career. This was a performance designed to demonstrate to doubters and Southgate he has not outlived his usefulness at international level. He was sharp and saw one chance saved before he demonstrated his poacher's instinct in the penalty area to slide in Adam Lallana's pass in the 21st minute before flashing another shot narrowly off target. In many respects he is an old-fashioned attacking operator in that his first thought is always the back of the net and shooting at it. No extra touches or passes are required. Defoe had two shots on target, one off target and one blocked with very limited opportunities - but most significantly made England's breakthrough. He is selfish in just the right way and in a World Cup qualifying group where England will be confronted by the sort of mass defence Lithuania presented here, it is unlikely this will be a temporary return to the colours. Dele Alli was given heavy-handed - or more precisely heavy-footed - treatment from Lithuania as they tried to light the short fuse that has brought Tottenham's 20-year-old some unsavoury headlines in his short career. It meant Alli was nowhere near as influential as he was in Dortmund on Wednesday, where his efforts will have imprinted his importance for both the present and the future in Southgate's mind. With Alli subdued, this was the chance for Liverpool's Adam Lallana to step forward and confirm his progression into a fully-fledged first-choice member of this England side. The 28-year-old is a late developer for England but his rejuvenation under Jurgen Klopp at Liverpool is now reaping dividends for Southgate as a very important spin-off. Lallana has been directly involved in four goals in his last five England appearances, three goals and one assist, and was unlucky to strike the post in Germany. He combined natural energy and creation with subtlety at Wembley, the qualities needed to make a difference in an attacking framework with England - with his beautiful, imaginative touch inside a crowded penalty the perfect invitation for Jamie Vardy to make the game safe against Lithuania. If his Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson and Tottenham's Eric Dier can provide a solid midfield shield for England's defence and freedom for those further forward, Southgate will hope Alli and Lallana will flourish even more on the road to Russia. Jermain Defoe showed exactly what a natural goalscorer can bring to England - which is why Southgate will want Tottenham's Harry Kane restored to full fitness as soon as possible. England have players who can score goals, as Vardy also proved, with Wayne Rooney not willing to take a back seat yet and youngsters such as Marcus Rashford ready to stake their claim. But Kane, still only 23 and with 19 goals and four assists for Spurs in the Premier League this season, is the class act Southgate will want fully recovered from his ankle injury to spearhead England through the rest of the campaign. Kane, and he was not alone here, endured a miserable Euro 2016 perhaps memorable only for then manager Roy Hodgson's puzzling decision to put a proven goalscorer (and a tall proven goalscorer at that) on corner-taking duty. He has endured a dry spell with England, with five goals in 17 appearances, but his performances at club level this season have shown further maturity and he has the sort of mature and measured personality that could yet mark him out as a future England captain. Kane is currently recovering from ankle ligament damage and is weeks away from full fitness - but in the long-term he will be a centrepiece of Southgate's plans as the man to take the opportunities England missed in Germany and against Lithuania. Burnley's Michael Keane has been the beneficiary of Gareth Southgate's willingness to move outside the Premier League elite with his selection policy and the opportunities that can suddenly present themselves at international level. Keane moved up the England pecking order when Phil Jones hurt his toe in collision with Manchester United team-mate Chris Smalling and had to withdraw from the squad before the Germany game - and got another chance following his fine debut with Gary Cahill suspended and Smalling an injury casualty for the Lithuania qualifer. The 24-year-old slotted in perfectly to a three-man defence alongside Smalling and Cahill in Germany and was an able partner to John Stones against Lithuania, although the lack of serious attacking threat from England's opposition in Sunday's game must be used as context. Keane has, however, given the impressive initial impression that he has the composure and concentration for international football and has been one of the major positives for Southgate and England this week. Media playback is not supported on this device Once again England's route to a major tournament does not seem to have an obstacle in sight - a familiar journey to what might prove to be a dangerous final destination. England and Southgate have no excuses for failing to progress to Russia from a group containing Slovakia, Slovenia, Scotland, Lithuania and Malta and all the evidence suggests it will be as straightforward as expected. It was the same under former manager Roy Hodgson and England's untroubled qualifying campaign for Euro 2016, which brought an unblemished 10 wins out of 10 against Switzerland, Slovenia, Estonia, Lithuania and San Marino. England set off for France with optimism but only recorded one win against Wales before the embarrassing exit against Iceland in the last 16. The conundrum for Southgate is that the true measure of England's progress and test of how far they have come under his tutelage may only be revealed when they are faced with a higher-class of opposition in a competitive environment. One of Southgate's major tasks between now and what looks like certain qualification for the 2018 World Cup in Russia is to find a way of discovering just how good this England team is - and how to uncover any flaws before the serious business begins.
The 1.9-million-year-old fossils were first described in 2010, and given the species name Australopithecus sediba. But the team behind the discovery has now come back with a deeper analysis. It tells Science magazine that features seen in the brain, feet, hands and pelvis of A. sediba all suggest this species was on the direct evolutionary line to us - Homo sapiens. "We have examined the critical areas of anatomy that have been used consistently for identifying the uniqueness of human beings," said Professor Lee Berger from the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg "Any one of these features could have evolved separately, but it is highly unlikely that all of them would have evolved together if A. sediba was not related to our lineage," the team leader informed BBC News. It is a big claim and, if correct, would sideline other candidates in the fossil record for which similar assertions have been made in the past. Theory holds that modern humans can trace a line back to a creature known as Homo erectus which lived more than a million years ago. This animal, according to many palaeoanthropologists, may in turn have had its origins in more primitive hominins, as they are known, such as Homo habilis or Homo rudolfensis. The contention now made for A. sediba is that, although older than its "rivals", some of its anatomy and capabilities were more advanced than these younger forms. Put simply, it is a more credible ancestor for H. erectus, Berger's team claims. The sediba specimens were unearthed at Malapa in the famous Cradle of Humankind World Heritage Site, just to the northwest of Jo'burg. They were pulled from a pit - a depression left in the ground by a cave complex that had lost its roof through erosion over time. Identified as an adult female and a juvenile male, the two individuals were quite possibly mother and son.  What seems certain is that they died together in some tragic accident that saw them either fall into the cave complex or become stuck in it. After death, their bodies were washed into a pool and cemented in time along with the remains of many other animals that got trapped in the same way. In the months since their 2010 announcement, Professor Berger and colleagues have subjected the remains to further detailed assessment. X-ray scans reveal ape-man's brain Age: The latest dating technologies were applied to the sediments encasing the fossils.  Whereas original estimates had put the age of the remains at somewhere between 1.78 and 1.95 million years old, the new analysis has narrowed this window of uncertainty to just 3,000 years. The new age is now between 1.977 and 1.98 million years old.  The refined dating is important, says the team, because it puts A. sediba deep enough in time to be a realistic ancestor to H. erectus. Dr Robyn Pickering, from the University of Melbourne, Australia, who led the dating, told BBC News: "This is a very interesting time in human evolution because it is when we think we should be seeing the beginnings of our genus, Homo.  Previously, we've had very few fossils from this time period, so the sediba fossils are remarkable in that they are so complete." Brain: A high-resolution X-ray scan of the male specimen's skull has produced a virtual cast of its braincase. This was carried out at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility in Grenoble. From this, the researchers estimate an adult A. sediba's brain to have been about 440 cubic centimetres in volume, or about the size of a medium grapefruit. This is smaller than much older fossils in the record such as the famous "Lucy" specimen, Australopithecus afarensis (3.2 million years), but, intriguingly, the shape is more human-like, especially at the front.  This may hint at the start of the re-organisation of the brain that would be necessary to make us what we are today. Pelvis: The pelvis is short and broad like a human pelvis.  A more ancient creature like Lucy has a flatter and more flaring pelvis. A popular idea has been that the modern human pelvis evolved in tandem with the gradual growth in brain volume - facilitating the birth of babies with bigger heads.  A. sediba gives the lie to this theory, says the team, because it had a modern-looking pelvis while possessing a small brain. Hand: The right-hand of the female is very nearly complete.  It is looks far more like a modern human hand than an ape hand. Its fingers are shorter relative to the thumb than in a chimpanzee.  And yet, it appears to have possessed powerful muscles for grasping, suggesting A. sediba spent a lot of time clambering through the branches of trees. The team also argues that the dexterity would have been there to make simple tools. Foot: The ankle joint is mostly human-like in form and there is some evidence for a human-like arch and Achilles tendon. But A. sediba possessed an ape-like heel and lower tibia, or shin bone.  The scientists think this combination may have led to a distinctive type of walk when the creature was not climbing in trees. Whatever the correctness of the analysis, the creature certainly has a fascinating mix of features - some archaic, some modern. Independent scientists describe the fossils as exquisite and utterly fascinating. Dr William Harcourt-Smith from the American Museum of Natural History in New York, commented: "One lineage of Australopithecus almost certainly led into the first member of our own genus called Homo, and from then eventually emerged modern humans. "But some of them are side branches, and we're trying to work out which ones are and which ones aren't - and that's why this finding is so important. In many ways, these fossils are the 'smoking gun' just before the emergence of our own genus." And Professor Chris Stringer, from London's Natural History Museum, told BBC News: "This isn't the end of the story. What may be happening is that there were several australopithecine forms all evolving human-like features in parallel as they turned to meat-eating and tool-making and moving greater distances. "The question now is to pull out of this mess which one is really the ancestor of the genus Homo.  We know there are more remains to come from this incredible site.  Let's see if other individuals also show this mix of features." Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
An explosion was reported at the Cheesecake Factory at about 18:00 local time on Thursday, according to police. Diners were safely evacuated and no one was injured in the reported blast. The man tossed a "homemade pyrotechnic device" containing gunpowder inside the restaurant before fleeing, a police official said. Garrett Gunkle, who was sitting with his wife at the bar, told KNBC-TV there was chaos as customers ran for the exits in the Los Angeles suburb. "People were jumping over one another, fighting to get over bar stools," he said. "It was very chaotic." The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department bomb squad joined Pasadena Police Department at the scene. Police Lt Mark Goodman said the device was not a pipe bomb or a Molotov cocktail, and no shrapnel or projectiles were ejected. Investigators say the suspect was described as Latino or Middle Eastern, about 6ft tall (1.82 metres), with a heavy beard and wearing all-black clothing. No getaway car was seen. A motive for the incident was unclear. "It could be a dissatisfied customer, a disgruntled employee," Lt Goodman added. Federal authorities were alerted to the incident, police told KABC-TV, but local authorities are handling the investigation.
Page, 20, has agreed a two-and-a-half-year contract at The Valley. He made three first-team appearances for West Ham, all in the Europa League, and has previously been on loan at Coventry City and Cambridge United. "He's quick, likes to get forward and is a good crosser. I really like that in a full-back," Charlton manager Karl Robinson told the club website. "I got a chance to see him during his loan spell at Coventry and he's a left-back that fits in well with our system. "We're building a squad here to get into that top six and Lewis will be an important part of what we are trying to do." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Groups of tourists, fresh off the ferry from Cape Town, pass by with barely a glance. But for Mr Mandela, the garden held a special value. And if you stand inside the tiny cell where South Africa's struggle icon spent 18 years hidden from the world, and peer through the barred window into the high-walled courtyard, you can just make out the thin strip of green and brown foliage where he once tended tomatoes and chillies. "A garden was one of the few things in prison that one could controlâ€¦ The sense of being the custodian of this small patch of earth offered a small taste of freedom," Mr Mandela wrote in his autobiography, Long Walk To Freedom - an early draft of which, incidentally, he tried to hide from the prison guards by burying in the garden. Today, the garden's weeds - and the rotting stump of an apple tree - hint at the alleged mismanagement and corruption that have blighted Robben Island for years. But along one wall, two grape vines now stand out in sharp contrast - the lush green foliage of a promising harvest suspended on a wooden frame. "They're still growing, thriving, regardless of the difficult conditions on the island. They're very much a symbol of the resilience of the leaders imprisoned here," said Philip Jonker, a South African wine maker as he and two colleagues carefully pruned the vines by hand. It is seven years since Mr Jonker first spotted the two plants on a family visit to the island. It is not clear whether Mr Mandela himself tended the vines or whether, as seems more likely, they were planted shortly after he was transferred to another prison on the mainland. But Mr Jonker sees them - there are seven vines around the prison in total - as part of the island's heritage, and a way of preserving "South African history in a bottle". After four years of petitioning, he finally secured permission to tend the vines, and, last year, to take the first harvest - previous ones had been devoured by the island's ravenous birds - back to his Weltevrede family wine estate two hours' drive east of Cape Town. At this moment - leaving aside the current headlines about low pay and grim conditions in the local wine industry  - you may be wondering if this is simply another potentially uncomfortable attempt to exploit the Mandela "brand". The short answer is no. Although Weltevrede will surely not mind the publicity. "Mandela is my grape father," said Weltevrede worker Jan Blaauw, with a broad grin, as he and Mr Jonker pulled away some dead branches. The staff make regular trips to the island - their progress with the vines offering an increasingly sharp contrast with the visible neglect seen elsewhere here. Mr Mandela "brought us everythingâ€¦ Freedom. This is my way to pay him back for all he has done for me," said Mr Blaauw. Thirty workers at Weltevrede have been given their own small vineyard to farm as part of an empowerment scheme designed to help address the economic legacies of apartheid. Any profits from the auction of the wine will be split between the workers' trust, another local charity, and an organisation helping disadvantaged families of former Robben Island political prisoners. Not that significant profits are assured. The harvest is small, to put it mildly. Back at the family estate, in a stunning valley surrounded by mountains, Mr Jonker sniffed and then sipped a sample of the Methode Cap Classique sparkling white wine that is still fermenting. Sixteen small bottles of sweet white dessert wine have already been produced and the aim is to fill 94 magnums with the sparkling wine. It is still not clear exactly which grape variety is growing on Robben Island, but Mr Jonker believes the quality will be high, and is now trying to research the world of charity auctions. The workers at the farm appear to share Mr Jonker's enthusiasm. "It can benefit our children. It's a great experience because I can go out and say I own vines and I can make wine, and we also make wine for Mandela. He showed us how to look forward and not to look back," said Maggie Kawula, standing beside a row of Pinot Noir vines owned by the workers' trust. The magnums won't be ready for auction for at least a year or so. But having sipped a tiny mouthful of the half-fermented vintage - which will be called The Manuscript, in reference to the story about Mr Mandela burying his autobiography in the prison garden - I can tell you it tastes just fine. "In another 50 or maybe 100 years' time those vines may still be alive and those may be the only living monuments of the times of our great leaders on the island," said Mr Jonker.
Margaret Loughrey, 50, from Bridge Street, Strabane, admitted a number of offences. She was ordered to pay £559 for damaging the driver's glasses and £200 compensation to the driver. Ms Loughrey's win was the largest ever jackpot win in Northern Ireland. As well as assaulting the driver, Ms Loughrey also pleaded guilty to causing criminal to his glasses and SatNav during the incident in his taxi at Chestnut Park in Strabane on 14 May. Ms Loughrey's solicitor said she had come to court with a clear record and had been drinking vodka with friends all night before the incident. He described her behaviour as shameful and said it was unfortunate her reputation was now blemished. The deputy district judge at Strabane Magistrates' Court said he believed it was a "one-off incident" caused by Ms Loughrey consuming a lot of alcohol. "You have had more advantages than most people in the last number of years, but they have obviously brought some problems," he said. "I accept you have made a major contribution to the local community, but you will be treated as anyone else will be treated coming before the court with a clear record."
Nadal faced a match point but the 18-year-old German missed an easy volley - admitting: "On match point I sucked." Three-time champion Nadal plays Japan's Kei Nishikori next and could face Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals. Serena Williams beat defending champion Simona Halep 6-4 6-3 to reach the last four in the women's draw. The world number one now plays Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska, who beat Petra Kvitova 6-2 7-6 and will reclaim the world number two ranking when the new list is released on Monday. "She knows how to play in big stadiums and big matches, big games," Williams said of Halep. Zverev has been widely tipped as the teenager most likely to make the breakthrough among the game's elite and he went agonisingly close to a landmark win over Nadal. The 6ft 6in German, the younger brother of tour player Mischa Zverev, led 5-3 and 40-30 in the final set, only to make three straight unforced errors. Nadal, 29, battled back impressively, but had glowing praise for the teenager, who is set to rise to a career-high ranking of 52 next week. "He is amazingly talented," said Nadal. "He is probably going to be the number one in the  world. "With his second serve at 120mph, with a lot of spin and at 124, 123, 120mph, it was impossible. If he puts the first serve in at over 130 mph then you are in big trouble. "So I think that I'm here, and still alive." The world number one beat Spain's Feliciano Lopez 6-3 6-3 to set up a quarter-final with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France. Djokovic had not been at his best in the previous rounds but saw off Lopez with little trouble. "I was very solid. I didn't allow him to come to the net too many times," said the Serb. "It was a good performance." David Goffin beat French Open champion and third seed Stan Wawrinka 6-3 5-7 7-6 (7-5), while Milos Raonic knocked out sixth seed Tomas Berdych 6-4 7-6 (9-7). In the doubles, Jamie Murray will rise to the top of the world rankings if he wins his quarter-final later on Thursday. Murray and partner Bruno Soares face Feliciano Lopez and Marc Lopez from 22:00 GMT.
Brash? Arrogant? Ostentatious, perhaps? Hold on a minute, did someone say introverted? "I've got this reputation of being confident, yet I go and do all these psychology tests and I'm an introvert," Pietersen tells his former team-mate Andrew Flintoff in an interview to be aired on BBC Radio 5 live on Tuesday at 20:30 BST. Source: ESPN Cricinfo "I'm very much an introverted person. I like my own company, my own family. I don't really go out much. "I think the confidence has grown from what I've achieved on the cricket field but I'm not as confident as anybody thinks." The disarming revelation is one of many in Pietersen's fascinating chat with Flintoff, a player with whom he occasionally clashed during the years they shared an England dressing room. In it, Pietersen talks about growing up in South Africa unaware of what the Ashes were, his see-saw relationship with Shane Warne, his ill-fated spell as captain and his regret over the silly shots that have left him looking "a complete mug" at times. He opens up about England captains past and present, relives the anguish of injuries and loss of form and reaffirms his ambition to clock up 10,000 Test runs. Like many top sportsmen, Pietersen is public property, someone we think we know much better than we actually do. This interview goes behind the bling and the bravado to reveal an insecurity over his image, a recognition of his faults, a light-heartedness - he calls Flintoff "chubby" at one point - and perhaps less surprisingly, an absolute obsession with his performance on the field of play. After leaving South Africa in protest against the racial quota system - which insisted on a certain number of non-white players in every team - and qualifying to play for England through the Kolpak rule, Pietersen announced himself with three one-day centuries against the country of his birth in early 2005. He went on to play a decisive role in England's historic Ashes victory over Australia later that year, making back-to-back fifties on his Test debut at Lord's and sealing the series with a breathtaking 158 at The Oval. The sheer audacity with which Pietersen took on the team that had dominated the game for more than a decade was jaw-dropping, but as he reveals to Flintoff, his close relationship with Australian talisman Warne - they were team-mates at Hampshire - was one of the major reasons why he settled so quickly into Ashes cricket. Media playback is not supported on this device "Having the great Shane Warne as my mate, walking onto the field and not having him hammer me from first slip, but just laugh and have a joke helped a lot," says Pietersen. "I think I could have been fearful playing Australia but because this huge figure was a mate of mine, it calmed things down." There was nothing calm about the celebrations that followed England's Ashes win as the players famously partied the night away before arriving at a Downing Street reception the next morning somewhat the worse for wear. One photograph shows a sozzled-looking Flintoff and Pietersen arm in arm outside Number 10, the former with eyelids sagging over reddened pupils and the latter looking bedraggled with a loose tie, sunglasses and a haircut which he jokingly refers to as "the skunk". As they reminisce over the mayhem, Pietersen is less certain than Flintoff that he would do the same again. "The reason I don't enjoy [looking back] is that I can't remember it," he says. "We probably deserved it because we had just beaten Australia and I think winning series like that need to be enjoyed but I also remember beating Australia in Australia and winning the World Twenty20 in the Caribbean and thinking 'do you know what, just enjoy it, just walk around and take it in'. July 10-14 1st Test, Trent Bridge (11:00 BST) 18-22 2nd Test, Lord's (11:00 BST) August 1-5 3rd Test, Old Trafford (11:00 BST) 9-13 4th Test, Chester-le-Street (11:00 BST) 21-25 5th Test, The Oval (11:00 BST) 29 1st Twenty20 international, Southampton (18:30 BST) 31 2nd Twenty20 international, Chester-le-Street (14:30 BST) September 6 1st ODI, Headingley (10:15 BST) 8 2nd ODI, Old Trafford (10:15 BST) 11 3rd ODI, Edgbaston (14:00 BST) 14 4th ODI, Cardiff (10:15 BST) 16 5th ODI, Southampton (14:00 BST) NB Fixtures and start times are subject to change. The BBC is not responsible for any changes that may be made "I will never forget Barbados, and I will never forget Sydney. In 2005 the emotions took over and we ended up all over the place that evening, but I haven't done it that way since." After the boozing came the backlash, and the painful memory for both players of the 5-0 whitewash by Australia in the return Ashes series down under. With Warne now very much foe not friend, and Flintoff struggling with the demands of captaincy, England were blown away. "When Australia were looking at what had gone wrong in 2005 one of the things they put it down to was Warne's relationship with me and they said that had to change," says Pietersen, 33. "He threw the ball twice at me in Brisbane and our discussions got really, really personal in the middle. Off the field he called me Kevin, not KP or PK. It had totally changed." Despite the provocation from Warne, Pietersen enjoyed a prolific series with the bat, averaging more than 54. His reaction to the defeat, however, hinted at the friction with his team-mates that flared up so spectacularly last year. "I was extremely disappointed - I didn't deal with it the right way," he admits. "I don't think I related to it in Australia - because I got 500 runs and I was thinking 'why did we get smashed?' I don't think that went down well with some people." In one of the most introspective sections of the interview, Pietersen explains that he learnt to deal with the failings of his team-mates when he was going through a bad patch of his own in 2010. "Until you go through the depths of despair as a sportsman you don't understand the good stuff or the bad stuff," he says. "The hardest time was on a Bangladesh tour in 2010. I didn't know which end of the bat to hold. I just couldn't hit the ball and I ended up sitting on a bus and thinking 'where is my career going to go?'" Fortunately for England, a spell in South Africa with his mentor Graham Ford soon put things right and set Pietersen up for one of the most prolific periods of his career. There was a double-hundred in Adelaide in England's 3-1 Ashes triumph in 2010-11, another at Lord's in the 4-0 whitewash of India in 2011, and four more hundreds before a knee injury sidelined him in March. They included the defiant 149 against South Africa at Headingley last year, before the discovery of his "provocative" text messages to the opposition dressing room saw him dropped for the final Test at Lord's, and the brilliant 186 against India in Mumbai that confirmed his "reintegration" into the England side. That century was Pietersen's 22nd in Tests, briefly taking him alongside Wally Hammond, Colin Cowdrey, Geoffrey Boycott and current captain Alastair Cook at the top of England's all-time list. Pietersen describes the less extravagant but more consistent Cook - who has since taken his own tally of tons to 25 - as "such a nice guy" who will go down as "one of the greatest cricketers in terms of statistics to have ever played the game". As for his own legacy, in a closing passage to the interview tinged with regret, he concedes that his tendency towards showmanship may leave him short of his ultimate ambitions. "I've always said I just want to get the best out of my talent and when I've finished my career I just want to say I've done the best that I possibly could," he explains. "But I know that because of the way I play I'm not going to have done the best I could because I get myself out for 20, 40, 60 or 70 all the time. That will be the man on the shoulder that says I think you've done OK, but…" KP, in his own words. Introverted? No chance. Interesting? Certainly. Flintoff's Ashes Legends: Kevin Pietersen is on BBC Radio 5 live on Tuesday, 2 July at 20:30 BST.
The award for Age Concern Jersey is the highest given to voluntary groups by the Queen. The charity, which supports the elderly and campaigns on their behalf, said it was "absolutely thrilled" volunteers had been recognised "by the most prestigious award". It will receive the accolade at the Queen's birthday reception at Government House later this month. Daphne Minihane, from the charity, said: "We couldn't manage without our volunteers. "Not just the present ones, but the ones who have been with us since we started 26 years ago. They've all been fantastic. "It is indeed a great honour." The charity has dozens of volunteers helping in its charity shop, as well as drivers delivering meals to elderly people.
Pro-democracy activists have staged huge protests, the most recent on the 1 July anniversary of the day Hong Kong was handed back to China from Britain. They have threatened to occupy parts of the city if their demands are not met. Public discontent in Hong Kong is at its highest for years with concern over Beijing's influence over elections. The city's police estimated Sunday's turnout at more than 110,000 people, but a specialist polling group based at the University of Hong Kong put the figure at around 80,000. "We want to let the world know that we want peace, we want democracy, but please, do not threaten us, do not try to turn this place into a place of violence," Robert Chow, co-founder of the pro-government Alliance for Peace and Democracy told AFP. Political rallies are a common sight in Hong Kong, a special Chinese city with a high level of freedom. But large-scale demonstrations supportive of the Chinese government in Beijing are extremely rare. The demonstrators -- much older than their pro-democracy rivals and clearly mobilised by dozens of pro-China clan organisations -- carried signs opposing the civil disobedience movement called Occupy Central. Questions have been raised about the legitimacy of the demonstration. Hong Kong media reports have suggested some companies and business groups had asked their employees to take part. Despite those controversies, Johnson Yeung, a pro-democracy activist who organised the recent 1 July protest, told BBC News the rally was indeed an historic event. "For the first time since the handover in 1997, the central government has organised a mass rally of this scale. It really shows their commitment against Occupy Central." The large turnout is a reminder there is still no consensus in the battle for Hong Kong's political future. In the other camp, pro-democracy activists from the "Occupy Central" group have said they would mobilise protesters to take over some of the busier areas of the central business district if electoral reform is not put in place. City authorities say such an occupation would be illegal however, and argue that it could tarnish Hong Kong's reputation. Hong Kong's next elections will take place in 2017, and China says it will introduce universal suffrage for the vote. However the current Chief Executive of Hong Kong CY Leung was elected by a committee largely loyal to the Chinese government. The pro-democracy protesters fear that the shortlist of candidates to replace him will be a similar group also loyal to Beijing. The chief executive is currently elected by a 1,200-member election committee. A majority of the representatives are viewed as pro-Beijing. The Chinese government has promised direct elections for the leader, known as the chief executive, by 2017. However, voters will only have a choice from a list of candidates selected by a nominating committee, and Beijing has said all candidates must be "patriotic". Activists fear China will use the committee to screen out candidates it disapproves of.
The Pioneering Spirit, owned by Allseas, used its vast lifting capacity for the first time to remove a platform for scrappage. It carried out the operation on Monday, and is taking the platform to a Norwegian yard. The ship's first lift was in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea. After the fitting of additional lifting equipment in the Netherlands, the ship is booked later this year to start work on platforms in the UK North Sea. Its arrival begins to open up the market for scrapping ageing North Sea equipment, which is estimated as being worth around Â£40bn in the next four decades. The Pioneering Spirit was built in Singapore and fitted out in Rotterdam. It is also capable of lifting the steel jackets on which platforms have been sitting since the 1970s.
Haigh, 39, left Leeds in April 2014 after Massimo Cellino bought the club. "Penzance is a great grounding of a club, with an awful lot of potential to grow in the community," Haigh told BBC Radio Cornwall. Penzance are bottom of the South West Peninsula League Division One West, the 11th tier of English football. "The club contacted me through Twitter asking if I could help out," Haigh said. "I'd had one or two offers since Leeds, and I said no to them. "But, the reason why I said yes to Penzance is because of the potential. They're at the bottom, so they can only go up. "What I liked when I chatted to the committee was the passion. They're without debt, they can build on that and that's why I was really interested." After leaving Leeds, Haigh moved to Dubai where he was acquitted in March over charges of sending an offensive tweet about a business partner. But, he served a two-year sentence on separate charges of financial misappropriation. Haigh, who grew up in Cornwall and has relocated to the county since leaving Dubai, will be sponsoring Penzance rather than financially backing them. "There's no reason why clubs in Cornwall can't play at a higher level," he added. "But, it's going to take some investment in terms of infrastructure."
Selby was ringside in Brooklyn to see Frampton beat champion Leo Santa Cruz on points to win the title. Frampton wants to defend the title in his home city of Belfast and did not rule out a rematch, although he also has Selby in his sights. "He's mentioned me a few times, sounds like he wants the fight," Selby said. "I want the fight and it shouldn't be too difficult to make." Selby said any possible meeting could be held in Belfast or Cardiff's Principality Stadium. Barry-born Selby insisted before the fight there was no chance of him meeting British rival Josh Warrington, who beat Patrick Hyland to retain his WBC International featherweight title. Selby accused Warrington of 'running scared,' after talks fell through over arranging a summer contest at Leeds' Elland Road. Frampton inflicted the first defeat of 27-year-old Mexican Santa Cruz's career to become the first Northern Ireland fighter to win a world title in two weight divisions. It was Frampton's first pro bout at featherweight, having moved up a division after unifying the IBF and WBA super-bantamweight titles by beating England's Scott Quigg in Manchester in February. Selby said he was not surprised by Frampton's majority verdict over Santa Cruz, who has held world titles at three weights. "I thought it was a brilliant fight and very competitive from the first bell to the last," Selby added. "Carl Frampton boxed excellent and he surprised me with his tactics. I thought he would box on the back foot and use his range and jab. "But at times he held his feet, stood in the middle of the ring and went toe to toe and beat Santa Cruz at his own game."
Met Police officers are also searching a property in Southwark, London, where they have found human remains. Westminster officer Gordon Semple, 59, from Greenhithe, Kent, was last seen on 1 April in the London Bridge area. Police said his family had been informed about the "significant development". A spokesman said: "We are unable to make formal identification at this stage, but this is devastating news for all those involved in the search for Gordon." Police who were called to an address on the Peabody Estate on Thursday afternoon found human remains, he said. He said forensic work was under way at the scene which may take some time. A post-mortem examination would be held in due course, he added. He said police would not speculate about what had happened or any possible motive at this stage, and would not speculate on the cause of death until post-mortem tests had taken place. On 1 April, PC Semple, who is originally from Inverness, had a work meeting at the Shard's Shangri-La hotel and left at about 12:30 BST. He was seen on CCTV in Great Guildford Street at 15:00 BST and his partner reported him missing later that night. PC Semple has no children but still has family in Scotland. The man under arrest is being held in custody.
Wiggins, 36, had hinted the race in the city of his birth could be his last, but afterwards said he was "not sure yet" what his plans are. "I don't know, I've still got really good legs," he said. "This might not be my last race. This for sure is my last ever race with Mark Cavendish, though." The 2012 Tour de France winner added that he "just wants to enjoy this moment". Wiggins' admission follows his comments after last month's London Six Day, when he hinted he could be tempted to race there again next year. Wiggins and Cavendish claimed overall victory in Ghent after winning the final madison event. The pair also contested the Ghent Six in 2007 and won madison gold together at the World Track Championships in London in March. They competed together in the madison at the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008, finishing joint eighth. "We've had an incredible 12 years and have achieved so much together. It's been a pleasure," Wiggins added.
The Liverpool singer, whose 1987 single Wonderful Life was a top 10 hit around the world, suffered head injuries in the crash in Ireland on 10 January, and was placed in an induced coma. He died on Tuesday surrounded by his family in hospital, his publicist said. His wife Camilla said she was "deeply grateful" to staff who cared for him. The father-of-three, who was in intensive care at Cork University Hospital, "died peacefully" with his family at his side "who were singing him on his way", a statement said. "Colin received the best possible care from the expert and highly professional staff there and we are deeply grateful for everything they did," his wife and three sons said in a statement. Fellow Liverpool musician Pete Wylie of 80s band The Mighty Wah! paid tribute to his friend on Twitter, saying the news was "just so very sad". "I want to send all the love I can muster to Colin's parents, brother & partner + to all who loved him, and who he loved too," he wrote. "I could still sing the very first song Colin recorded with me in the WAH! studio. I remember it that clearly. And that voice!" Born in Liverpool in 1962, Vearncombe had his first top 10 hit with the single Sweetest Smile in June 1987 when he was 25 years old. His second hit song Wonderful Life, which he had previously released but only got to number 72 in the charts, made the top 10 in the UK, Switzerland, Germany, France, Austria, the Netherlands and Italy. However, despite having found fame, Vearncombe later said "the pop star life" was not as he had imagined it. "I was frustrated by how few of the people in the music world I respected. Maybe I just didn't go to the right clubs. I've never been a great schmoozer or networker and the idea of setting out to meet a certain type of people is anathema to me," he said. "It was two years of disappointment - I didn't have any wild sex, I'm not a druggie, so I was just digging a hole for myself." Wonderful Life has since been used in numerous advertisements and films, and has been covered by artists including Tina Cousins and  Katie Melua. The album of the same name sold more than 1.5 million copies and peaked at number three. Although he is best known for Wonderful Life and another 1980s single Sweetest Smile, Vearncombe released 15 albums under his own name. Last year, he returned to his original stage name for a crowd-funded album, Blind Faith, which received positive reviews. He has also published poetry and staged exhibitions of his paintings in south-west Ireland, where he lived in later life. Hundreds of fans wrote messages of support on the musician's Facebook page following the crash. His publicist said there would be a private funeral, as well as a memorial service for him in Liverpool "as we know there are many, many people who will want to celebrate Colin's life and work".
Greater Manchester Police said the corrosive liquid hit a man and a woman in the eyes on Ashton Old Road, Openshaw, Manchester on Friday evening. Shortly afterwards, bleach was thrown at a second man on the same road by a passenger in a silver Ford Fiesta heading towards Audenshaw. Police said those affected were "lucky" to escape serious injury. Insp Cherie Dunn, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "I am so thankful that none of the victims of these senseless attacks has been seriously injured. "We could easily have been dealing with life-changing injuries. "Anyone thinking that throwing bleach at people is funny or that a crime like this does not have consequences couldn't be more wrong. "The victim's here were lucky. Bleach attacks could have had catastrophic consequences."
14 May 2015 Last updated at 08:26 BST The goslings needed to leap from the first floor onto tarmac, so crash mats were placed below to create a soft landing. It seemed to do the trick as the little birds made it safely down, bounced on to the mat and waddled off with their parents across the campus. Finlay Macniell from the University of Calgary said: "I was just answering some emails in my office, and a goose flew up onto the roof outside my office window, and was honking loudly, and strutting back and forth, and tapping on my window." He added: "I wasn't sure what was going on at first but then a gosling dropped from a higher level roof above my office down next to mum, and then it was quite clear what the fuss was about." The video, posted by Calgary University, has already been viewed more than 100-thousand times. Pictures from the University of Calgary
It said the investigation following complaints from price comparison websites had failed to understand the "reality" of online shopping. It blamed a drop in traffic for price comparison sites on Amazon and others. Europe's competition commissioner first accused the firm of abusing its dominance in search in April 2015 and made further claims in July 2016. Google's shopping results appear as a box of images and links displayed alongside other search results. In 2015, the EU competition commissioner claimed these results gave prominence to Google's own services and advertisements, to the detriment of price comparison websites, which may have lost visitors. Google responded that the EU had failed to take into account the significance of online shopping giants such as Amazon, which it said also competed against price comparison websites. In its updated claim, the EU said Amazon could not be considered a rival to price comparison websites because it sometimes paid such sites to be included in search results. Google's latest response says websites such as Amazon get a "tiny fraction" of their visitors from price comparison websites, "hardly enough to support the idea that they don't compete" with one another. It also pointed out that Amazon provides its own price comparison tools for its customers. "The commission's revised case still rests on a theory that just doesn't fit the reality of how most people shop online," the company said in a blog. "It's not surprising that when Amazon and other new competitors arrived in European countries, traffic to sites offering only price comparison went down." The company said it would "look forward" to continuing discussions with the commission. FairSearch Europe - a lobby group that was one of the complainants against Google - said Google's actions were "anti-consumer". In a statement, the group said: "We believe it is the European Commission that has the interests of consumers in mind, not a private company that makes money by using its market power to charge high prices to advertisers. "When consumers look at Google ads they do not get the best, most relevant results. Instead, they get results from advertisers willing to pay Google the most money."
The Seasiders, who started with five debutants, took the lead after 19 minutes when new signing Kyle Vassell was played through by another debutant Colin Daniel and netted from 12 yards via a deflection from keeper Bobby Olejnik. But Exeter should have been level five minutes later as Lee Holmes picked out Ollie Watkins, who could only put a diving header on to the post from two yards with the goal gaping. The woodwork denied Exeter for a second time after 44 minutes, as Jake Taylor's flick came back off the inside of the far post before Watkins had a header saved by Sam Slocombe. Blackpool's new keeper Slocombe produced a sensational reflex save to prevent an Andy Taylor own goal six minutes after the break but, straight down the other end, Troy Brown was not so fortunate as he deflected Brad Potts' cross past Olejnik to ensure a Blackpool victory. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Blackpool 2, Exeter City 0. Second Half ends, Blackpool 2, Exeter City 0. Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Brad Potts. Attempt blocked. Ryan Harley (Exeter City) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Liam McAlinden (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Will Aimson (Blackpool). Attempt missed. Mark Yeates (Blackpool) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Attempt blocked. Mark Yeates (Blackpool) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Jordan Moore-Taylor (Exeter City) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Will Aimson. Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Will Aimson. Attempt blocked. Ollie Watkins (Exeter City) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Danny Pugh (Blackpool) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Foul by Ryan Harley (Exeter City). Kelvin Mellor (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Mark Yeates (Blackpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Attempt missed. David Wheeler (Exeter City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Foul by Brad Potts (Blackpool). Jake Taylor (Exeter City) wins a free kick on the right wing. Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Kelvin Mellor. Foul by Jim McAlister (Blackpool). Lee Holmes (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed. Mark Yeates (Blackpool) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Jim McAlister (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Ryan Harley (Exeter City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Ryan Harley (Exeter City). Danny Pugh (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by David Wheeler (Exeter City). Attempt missed. Brad Potts (Blackpool) left footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Attempt blocked. Jamille Matt (Blackpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Pierce Sweeney. Attempt missed. Jamille Matt (Blackpool) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Jordan Moore-Taylor. Attempt blocked. Mark Yeates (Blackpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Substitution, Exeter City. David Wheeler replaces Craig Woodman. Attempt blocked. Lloyd James (Exeter City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Kelvin Mellor. Hand ball by Brad Potts (Blackpool). Hand ball by Jamille Matt (Blackpool). Substitution, Exeter City. Liam McAlinden replaces Robbie Simpson.
With the windows down, I sang along to cheesy Mediterranean songs on the radio, watching the scenery flash by. But I was there to make a documentary about Europe dancing to a worrying tune - popular discontent, fear, anger and, in many corners, an absence of hope. There is always a section in society that feels abandoned or ignored by their government, but after the 2008 crash, the bank bailouts, the migrant crises and a string of terror attacks, a growing number of Europeans have felt unprotected, exposed and worried for the future of their families. And the answer to their fears? Well if my Fiat 500 were Europe - bear with me on this one - it would be hesitating at a crossroads. The signpost pointing one way reads Angela Merkel. And in the opposite direction, Marine Le Pen. These two determined women, tough and seasoned politicians, both standing for election this year, hope to drag their own countries and Europe as a whole down dramatically different paths. A passionate European and Christian Democrat, mindful of the horrors of her country's Nazi and Cold War past, Ms Merkel is increasingly viewed as the continent's number one defender of liberal values. Barack Obama pointedly chose to visit her in Berlin on his last official trip abroad before handing over the presidency to Donald Trump. Ms Le Pen, on the other hand, is the poster child of Europe's new wave of populism. She demands what she described to me in an interview as a "new world order". A new France, a new Europe, free, she says, of the "prison" of the European Union and the "artificial" joining of European nations. She laughed at those wringing their hands on both sides of the Atlantic over the Trump Presidency. Brexit, Trump and Europe's new "patriotic leaders" in Ms Le Pen's words, are merely the end of one world and the start of a new one where, in her opinion, the people and the nation state are strong and don't answer to what she called "Globalisationists". Gone are the days in the not so distant past when national elections met a wall of public indifference - 2017 has been dubbed 'Election Year' in Europe, with key EU nations Germany, France, the Netherlands and possibly Italy heading to the polls. With populist parties standing strong, those for and against them feel motivated to vote. And not just with their pockets in mind. The famous campaign slogan, "it's the economy, stupid", associated with Bill Clinton's successful 1992 presidential bid, is no longer pertinent. Look at the Netherlands - holding an election next month. The economy there is on the up and unemployment is down. But rather than flocking around their centrist prime minister, voters are flirting with anti-immigration, Eurosceptic populist, Geert Wilders. Wherever you look at the moment in Europe - north, south, east and west - there are populist parties shouting loudly from the sidelines. The Five Star Movement is Italy's most talked-about political party right now. They listen to people, they say, not Big Business, and their message is captivating the country's disenchanted, from all ages and backgrounds. "Populism is a beautiful world," Beppe Grillo, the figurehead of the movement, told me. "I am proud to be a populist. It means we are saying No! No! and No! and we will win the next election." A nostalgic nationalist, anti-immigration, vein runs through most of Europe's populist parties but their policies vary from country to country. It is incorrect to describe them all as "far right". Even the parties which have deep roots in the extreme right, such as Austria's Freedom Party or Ms Le Pen's Front National, have tried to broaden their appeal, declaring they are of the people, not right or left. "Au nom du peuple" (in the name of the people) is the banner under which Ms Le Pen is running her presidential campaign in France. And after the Francois Fillon fiasco in France, with the centre-right's presidential candidate damaged by corruption allegations, Ms Le Pen has a chance of making it to her country's highest political office. And that would be a dramatic turning point for Europe - she says she wants out of the euro and probably of the EU. "Frexit" could bring down the whole EU like a house of cards. In Brussels, even insiders admit the EU is in a battle to survive. Before stepping down as president of the European Parliament, Martin Schulz told me there was a "real risk" that the EU would fall apart. Vice President of the European Commission Federica Mogherini said: "We have something that the entire world regards as a miracle. We have an enormous strength and we spend our time talking about our own crisis." Next month is the EU's 60th birthday, with lavish celebrations planned in Rome. But outside the birthday party gates the EU's existence is being seriously questioned. And there is a global significance to all this too. Europe's populists are for the most part big fans of Presidents Putin and Trump, and a weak, fractured Europe works for both men. With many Europeans nervous about the Trump presidency and with so much at stake, it could be that even angry voters feel safer sticking with the political mainstream this year. But predict at your peril. Polls have proved unreliable. Europe's voters are in a volatile mood. You can watch After Brexit: the Battle for Europe on BBC Two on Thursday 9 February, 21:00 GMT.
The state oil firm's technicians discovered one of the world's largest oil reserves deep beneath the seabed - under miles of layers of salt. And then two years later, it struck gold again, finding yet another giant oil reserve. Optimism was running high. The firm went to the markets and raised over $70bn - the world's largest share issue ever. Brazil's economy was at cruising speed too, finally taking off after years of meagre growth. But the good times did not last long - for neither the company nor the country. A massive corruption scandal last year eroded much of Petrobras's market value. Brazil's economy too has been on a downward spiral - with high inflation, slow growth and low confidence. So how did it all go so wrong, so fast? Petrobras's oil bonanza and Brazil's emerging star status are fairly recent phenomena. Just a few decades ago, prospects were dire for both. In the early 1990s, Brazil was a young democracy in deep economic trouble. Annualised inflation was running close to 5,000%. Decades of protectionism meant there was little competition in most sectors and many national firms had become inefficient. Petrobras was seen as part of that landscape by many who wanted to privatise it. One critic used to refer to it as "Petrossauro" - a large, outdated structure that moved slowly and was doomed to extinction in the modern world. Brazil's fortunes started to change in the mid-1990s - both internally and externally. Through reforms, successive governments were able to defeat hyperinflation, open up Brazil's economy to the world and redistribute growth, lifting millions out of poverty. A decade of global economic boom favoured Brazil's champion exports - commodities like coffee, soya, beef and oil. Brazil's oil sector was opened to foreign companies, but local laws made sure Petrobras kept its role at the top of every major project. A decade of high international oil prices helped give a great boost to the firm's investment plans. By 2010 - after all oil discoveries - it felt like Brazil and Petrobras had finally "arrived" at the top. But then things took a turn for the worse. One problem was Petrobras's desperate need for cash. Brazil's treasure trove is buried deep below the pre-salt layer and can only be extracted with expensive methods. President Dilma Rousseff was adamant that Petrobras should play a major role in all fields, although it did not have the resources to do it alone. So the company sought to attract partners and raise money abroad by selling many of its assets. Just as it was taking on its biggest financial challenge ever, Petrobras was hit by a recurrent obstacle in Brazil's history: corruption. An investigation by Brazil's Federal Police revealed that the state oil giant was being used illegally as a cash cow for most parties in the government coalition. Its top executives are all politically appointed by the government. They allegedly handed out Petrobras contracts in exchange for party donations and bribes. A string of high-profile arrests were made - from top Brazilian CEOs to the treasurer of Rousseff's ruling party. More than 40 key politicians are under investigation, including the presidents of both houses of Congress. Confidence in the company eroded almost overnight - both in the markets and in the streets. Its own CEO was sacked for not being able to handle the crisis. Tens of thousands of Brazilians took to the streets against President Rousseff - who chaired the board of Petrobras for much of the period when the alleged bribes happened. It could not have come at a worse time for Brazil's economy. It is stuck in low gear, now that the commodity boom seems to be over, and its goods are no longer in high demand. Until last year, the government had been trying to navigate through the crisis by raising spending and pumping money into the economy. The pre-salt layer is made up of rock that was laid down millions of years ago before a layer of salt - which can be thousands of metres thick - accumulated above it. Some of the oil formed in the pre-salt layer has not leaked up into the layers above. This oil is often of good quality, but is buried so deep that access to it is difficult. According to Petrobras, there may be 50 billion barrels of oil in the pre-salt layer found in the Brazilian continental shelf. Petrobras itself was used as an instrument of that policy. The state oil firm controls the internal price of fuel, and for three years it helped Brazilians get cheaper petrol. But the subsidies hurt the company at a time when it needed all the cash it could get for its pre-salt project. Now the government has done a u-turn in its policy, going radically from stimulus to austerity. In the past, Petrobras has helped the government get through downturns, as its investments alone represent 2% of Brazilian Gross National Product. But now it is making matters even worse. One study by FGV Business School suggests the fall of Petrobras investment could knock about $30bn off the Brazilian economy, with more than a million jobs lost, mostly in construction. Petrobras and Brazil have been trying to react to the crisis with a push for transparency. Later this month, it will replace some politicians in its board of directors with respected market figures, like the president of mining giant Vale, Murilo Ferreira. The energy minister has even signalled that the government might ease access to pre-salt projects for foreign firms, reducing the burden on Petrobras. Some say Brazil has learned some lessons. "If you concentrate everything - all wealth - in a single company controlled by the state then it is very easy for the political system to go there and try to grab resources,", says Sergio Lazzarini, an academic at Insper Business School. "You can avoid this with more competition, more transparency, more regulation." Brazil and Petrobras still have a difficult path to follow. Most economists predict Brazil will be in recession this year. And the corruption scandal is far from over, as no-one has been tried yet. President Rousseff insists Brazil and Petrobras will be stronger after this crisis, as historic corruption is finally being investigated after decades of omission. Brazilians hope she is right, but the mood in the country is bleak. After decades of low expectations, Brazilians had come to think in recent years that the nation was finally emerging into the world stage as a global power, only to see it again stuck with corruption and low growth. While many still recognise the country is much better off than in the years of hyperinflation and "Petrossauro", optimism has now been largely replaced by scepticism and impatience. Brazil's treasure trove, it seems, will take a while longer to dig out.
Mr LaBeouf was arrested following a confrontation at his live-streamed video project in New York, and was charged with assault and harassment. Those charges have now been dropped. A spokeswoman for the district attorney in New York's Queen's district told US media the case would be dismissed because of insufficient evidence. Mr LaBeouf's art project, a 24-hour live stream called He Will Not Divide Us, encouraged members of the public to say those words into a camera outside New York's Museum of the Moving Image. But Mr LaBeouf and a member of the public allegedly entered an altercation during a live broadcast in January.  The museum later said the site had become "a flashpoint for violence". The live stream was planned to continue for the four years of Mr Trump's presidency, but the museum pulled support for the project in early February. The project was forced to move location twice in the US, after opponents tried to disrupt it. It then arrived in a new form in Liverpool in the UK - but faced similar problems. Liverpool's Fact arts centre had been live-streaming a flag with the words, but cancelled the project after people climbed on the roof to try and remove the flag. In addition to his performance art, LaBeouf is best known for films like Transformers, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.
Scott Diver, 16, from Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, was last seen at home on 17 September. His father, who is also called Scott, said he was not in any trouble and he just wanted to know he was OK. The teenager, who is 5ft 7in tall, with a slim build, dark hair and blue eyes, is said to need regular medication. When Scott last seen, he was wearing a navy blue Adidas tracksuit with light blue stripes down the arms and legs, a white T-shirt and navy Adidas training shoes with grey stripes. Speaking at a police news conference, Mr Diver said: "Scotty, if you see this please get in touch. You are not in any trouble we just want you home or at least let us know you're safe. "All the family are missing you especially me and nana and your family in Isle of Man. "Can I ask anyone who might be helping Scott stay away from home to remember he relies on daily medication which he hasn't had for at least 10 days." Mr Diver added: "Scotty, we love and miss you and want you home. "You can contact us on the missing person's text service on 116 000 through phone or text even if you have no credit." Mr Diver's comments came after police made a public appeal at the weekend in a bid to trace Scott. On Saturday, one week after he went missing, officers carried out a "stop and speak" operation in the teenager's home town. They spoke to about 1,000 people at Clydebank's bus station, shopping centre and near Scott's home. The operation has also seen an air support unit deployed in the area along with a search team. Insp John Mullen said that anyone with information could contact police at a dedicated email address: scottdiverinquiry@scotland.pnn.police.uk He added: "Scott is a vulnerable young boy who has just turned 16. "His family are devastated at his disappearance and I would urge anyone who knows where he is to contact police."
Polish national Daria Pionko, 21, was found seriously injured in Springwell Road, Holbeck, on 23 December and died later in hospital. Det Supt Simon Atkinson said Miss Pionko had been the victim of a "sustained and vicious attack". A 38-year-old man arrested in connection with the incident was released without charge. A post mortem examination found Miss Pionko died as a result of head and facial injuries. She was found in a defined managed area where sex workers operate during set hours. Mr Atkinson said: "This was a sustained and vicious attack and it is absolutely vital that the person responsible is caught and taken off our streets." The managed area has been in operation since 2014. It was introduced by the police, council and other agencies in an effort to reduce the impact of prostitution on residents and better engage with sex workers. Speaking last week, Supt Sam Millar said it had seen some "significant successes", including improving relationships between sex workers and police.
Jonathan Tran, 26, was in the grounds for more than 16 minutes before he was detained, it said. He now faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison. In a statement, the Secret Service said it was "extremely disappointed and angry" about the events of 10 March. Mr Tran did not gain entry to the White House, where President Donald Trump was staying at the time. However, Congressman Jason Chaffetz - whose House Oversight Committee oversees the Secret Service - claimed the intruder had managed to rattle a door-handle at the South Portico entrance. According to court documents, Mr Tran told federal agents that he was a friend of the president and had an appointment. He was carrying two cans of mace, a US passport, a computer and one of Mr Trump's books, authorities said. The president praised the Secret Service for doing a "fantastic job" in apprehending the intruder. Mr Tran had managed to climb a 5ft (1.5m) fence near the US Treasury Department, which is next to the White House. He then scaled an 8ft vehicle gate, and a shorter fence near the east wing of the White House grounds. CNN reports that he set off several alarms after jumping the fence, but was able to avoid other sensors. Mr Tran, who comes from Milpitas, California, had reportedly been spotted "looming around" Washington's Pennsylvania Avenue, where the White House stands, nearly six hours before his arrest. The Secret Service said it had taken immediate steps to avoid further security lapses, and that over 50 people had been interviewed about the incident. The intrusion was the latest in a series of breaches at the White House in recent years. Security has been enhanced. In 2015, sharp spikes were installed on top of the black iron fence that circles the property.
The Taliban attacked from the mountains as the convoy was travelling through Laghman valley, officials say, and at least 22 insurgents were also killed. The Sar-e-Pol provincial governor said that a number of security force vehicles were destroyed. Earlier a civilian was killed in a suicide bomb attack in Kabul. Villagers also accused Nato of killing seven civilians, including a nine-year-old child, in an air strike in eastern Paktia province. They were the first people reported killed in air strikes since the new government was installed at the end of September. However, Nato said Sunday's strike had killed "eight armed enemy combatants". The issue of Nato air strikes was the most contentious of the many disputes that former President Hamid Karzai had with the international community, reports the BBC's David Loyn in Kabul. The violence comes ahead of the withdrawal of most foreign troops from Afghanistan by the end of the year, with Afghan security forces increasingly taking over from Nato-led forces in the fight against the militants. Officials say that at least seven security force members were wounded in the Sar-e-Pol ambush. Correspondents say that the early morning attack highlights Afghanistan's fragile security structure as Nato withdraws all of its combat troops. The ambush took place as security forces were travelling to reinforce colleagues in another district of Sar-e-Pol, officials say. "They called for foreign forces' air support, but they arrived very late," provincial governor Abdul Jabar Haqbin told the AFP news agency. He said the attack triggered a gun battle that lasted several hours. The Taliban were not immediately available to comment
Ednane Mahmood, of Plane Street, Blackburn, is accused of disseminating a terrorist publication. The 19-year-old, who was arrested after allegedly trying to travel to Syria, is also accused of engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism. At Manchester Crown Court he denied both charges and was bailed until his trial date on 26 October. The teenager is accused of providing a service to others to enable them to obtain, read, listen to or look at a terrorist publication between 1 June and 25 November 2014. He is charged with providing links to poems and other propaganda, and at the time of doing so was allegedly reckless as whether his conduct would be a direct or indirect encouragement to the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. Mahmood is further charged with the intention of committing acts of terrorism on 21 September 2014 in that he planned to travel to Syria in order to engage in acts of terrorism.
Media playback is not supported on this device The 25-year-old Englishwoman finished nine seconds ahead of Australia's Ashleigh Gentle, with Wales' Helen Jenkins seven seconds adrift in third. Stimpson and Jenkins, 31, will vie for Britain's third Olympic place at next month's World Series event on Australia's Gold Coast. Non Stanford and Vicky Holland have already secured their places in Rio. Both missed the race in Abu Dhabi, as did world champion Gwen Jorgensen. Stimpson said: "I am extremely motivated to make one of the Olympic spots and my winter couldn't have gone any better. "Me and Helen are great rivals. She is a fantastic athlete and I've got a lot of respect for her. We couldn't have made it harder for the selectors." Stimpson, who won the first gold medal at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014, clawed her way back after a modest 1500m swim to join two-time world champion Jenkins in the leading group for the 40km bike section. The two Britons led from the front as the challengers were gradually whittled down, before Stimpson used her greater power to pull away in the final kilometre of the 10km run. Jenkins, who has had a catalogue of injuries in the past two years, said: "Everything is moving in the right direction for our selection race at the Gold Coast. "It is just a pity Britain could not get four Olympic spots. We will just have to fight it out and do our best." Britain's selectors have chosen the Gold Coast race as the decider because it most resembles the Olympic course in Rio. In the men's race, Mario Mola made it back-to-back World Series victories after winning last year's final race in Chicago in September. Adam Bowden, in 11th, was the highest-placed Briton. Brothers Alistair and Jonny Brownlee have already qualified for this summer's Olympics and will not compete until later this season. Britain's selectors will decide who will get the third spot by the Yokohama race on 14 May - the fourth event of the year. The second of the nine World Series events takes place at the Gold Coast on 9-10 April.
The Xylella fastidiosa bacteria also threatens citrus fruit and vineyards. The Commission says at least 10% of the 11 million olive trees in Lecce are infected. It wants Italy to destroy infected trees and restrict any trade in species vulnerable to the disease. New emergency measures are to be proposed by the Commission this week. Thousands of hectares of olives are affected by the outbreak - a major worry for Italy, which is the EU's second biggest olive oil producer after Spain. The Commission set out a range of measures to contain the outbreak last July, but says the situation has deteriorated since then and more action is needed. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) says the disease, which kills trees by desiccation, is spread by various sap-sucking insects. An EFSA spokesperson told the BBC that there remain "a lot of uncertainties" about the Italian outbreak, despite a comprehensive EFSA study of it published in January. "Even trees not showing symptoms might carry the bacteria, which makes it really difficult. Just cutting down trees with symptoms might not be enough," he said. Italian officials in Lecce say 15km-wide (nine-mile) buffer strips will be created around plantations which have infected trees. Those strips should be free of species vulnerable to the disease, so that the blight is contained. Local officials, quoted by Italy's AGI news agency, suspect the disease entered Italy through ornamental plants imported from Costa Rica. The Xylella blight has previously ravaged vineyards in California and citrus groves in Brazil, EFSA says. A local campaign group called Peacelink disputes the EU data on the disease, however, arguing that a fungal infection is most likely to blame. In a letter to EU Health and Food Safety Commissioner Vytenis Andriukaitis, Peacelink says more than 500 olive trees treated for fungi have recovered since spring last year. It says research by the University of Foggia pointed to fungi, rather than Xylella, as the cause. Peacelink urged the EU not to destroy olive trees en masse in the affected area, saying such a move would be "totally unnecessary".
It said its food and funerals business had performed "robustly", with same-store sales in food up 0.4%, but its insurance business had lost money. The Co-op has begun a three-year plan to steady the business after deep problems emerged in 2013 with its bank, which it has since largely sold off. In 2014, it made a net profit of £216m selling its pharmacy chain and farms. Chief executive Richard Pennycock said without the proceeds of the sales the group would have, "at best, broken even". He said the organisation had made good progress reducing its costs, which had fallen from £176m to £146m and it had also cut its debts from £1.4bn to £808m. Co-op Group chairman Allan Leighton told the BBC that the business had strayed a long way: 'We lost the heart of what the Co-op was. I mean look at what's happened to the business, it's terrible. "The Co-op did used to stand for something and it was in the community, membership was important. Co-operation was important, but we've had unco-operation, we should have been called the unco-operative. Because that's the reality of where we've been." The Co-op is the country's largest mutually-owned organisation with more than eight million members, who share in the profits of the business. It is the UK's fifth-largest food retailer with almost 2,800 stores. In the last year, the group added 82 convenience stores and refurbished more than 700 stores. It plans to expand by adding another 100 outlets this year. But despite the improving performance, the business warned it would not be paying a dividend to its members until 2018. Last year, the Co-op recorded a net loss of £2.3bn, once one-off losses relating to its bank and its then-owned Somerfield business were taken into account. It was forced to divest itself of a large chunk of the bank to a number of private investors, largely hedge funds, and now owns just 20% of that business. That prompted a review by Lord Myners in which he called the group "manifestly dysfunctional" and recommended a major shake-up in its organisational structure. Co-op members will also get the chance to vote on whether the group should continue to make donations to political parties. BBC business editor Kamal Ahmed says that in effect, the board is asking the members of the Co-operative Group whether they want to continue financially supporting the Co-operative Party. The Co-op Party includes among its members a number of prominent Labour MPs such as Ed Balls, Stella Creasy and Chris Leslie. They stand as candidates of both the Co-operative Party and the Labour Party. Our business editor points out that the board has "carefully not given a view. But it is interesting to note that the new Co-op chairman, Allan Leighton, did sign a letter backing Labour in 2001".
The six-year-old victor, ridden by Noel Fehily, was cut to about 16-1 from 66-1 for the Cheltenham Gold Cup in March. Alary, trained by Colin Tizzard, had been considered a Gold Cup hope but was pulled up before the third last fence. Bristol De Mai sealed a Haydock double for Nigel Twiston-Davies after The New One became the first horse to win the Champion Hurdle Trial three times. The nine-year-old, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davies for his trainer father, produced a gutsy display to edge past runner-up Clyne. Unbeaten Neon Wolf ran out a nine-length victor of the novices' hurdle, while 2014 Champion Hurdle winner Jezki returned from a 632-day absence with a comfortable success at Navan. Earlier, Ascot's Grade One meeting and Taunton's card on Saturday were called off because of frozen ground. The Ascot fixture was due to feature the Clarence House Chase, which has been rescheduled to take place at Cheltenham on Festival Trials Day on 28 January. Cheltenham will now have a nine-race card next week, with racing starting at midday. Cornelius Lysaght, BBC horse racing correspondent Abandoned Ascot was billed as the day's top fixture, but had it been on, it'd have struggled to compete for interest with Haydock in terms of the build-up to March's Cheltenham Festival. The Nigel Twiston-Davies-trained pair The New One and Bristol De Mai showed off the fact they are players - not necessarily the biggest - but definitely players in whatever they go for at Cheltenham. But the horse to really catch the eye was the Harry Fry-trained Neon Wolf who breezed home under jockey Noel Fehily (2-05) and will line-up in one of the Festival's big novice hurdles.
In February, clubs agreed "in principle" to use the system from next season and those plans were confirmed at an EGM on 6 April. Goalline technology has been used in the Premier League since 2013. It has also been utilised in previous Football League play-off finals. However, this season the technology will be available for both Championship semi-finals, as well as the final at Wembley on Monday, 29 May. "The introduction of goalline technology is a significant step forward for Championship clubs and reflects the importance of the outcome of every single game in the division," said EFL chief executive Shaun Harvey. "It has already proved successful elsewhere in our competitions and I'm confident it will have a similar positive impact week in, week out in the Championship, starting with this year's Championship play-off semi-finals."
Each course teaches students, who must be 18 or older when attending, about GCHQ's work to combat cyber-threats and helps them develop their "cyber-skills". The schools are held at four sites in the UK, an increase from two last year. The expansion was made following high demand for places, GCHQ has said. One of the schools, Cyber Insiders, will give participants the chance to learn from a range of cybersecurity experts and will be held at Cheltenham from 4 July to 9 September. Another, named Cyber Exposure, is targeted at students with a "natural curiosity for technology and problem-solving". The Cyber Exposure courses will be held at sites in Scarborough, the Manchester area, and the Thames Valley between 11 July and 19 August. "It is good that GCHQ is doing this, it increases the number of people that are learning about cybersecurity," cryptography expert Prof Mark Ryan, at the University of Birmingham, told the BBC. "We do have a cybersecurity skills gap where we just aren't training enough people in cybersecurity." The Cheltenham-based school is targeted specifically at first- and second-year students studying computer science, maths, physics or related subjects. The other courses are open to students of any subject who have five GCSEs, including maths and English, who are also on track to achieve two A-levels at C grade or higher. In a statement, GCHQ said that work at the summer schools would cover a wide range of technologies. "Students will learn about GCHQ's role in defending the UK against cyber-threats whilst being paid £250 a week," the agency said. Applications are now open at the GCHQ careers website.
The 77-year-old retired farmer lives alone in his isolated rural cottage at Aughabrack near Dunamanagh. Neighbours heard him calling for help at about 20:00 GMT on Sunday. Two men rushed to help and used their car to block the gang's vehicle. As they approached, three men came running out, their faces masked by scarves. "All I saw was the barrel of the shotgun being pointed at us. One of the gang was shouting; 'Shoot them, shoot them'," one of the neighbours said. As the men withdrew, the gang managed to escape. The two neighbours gave chase before losing them on country roads. They returned to the house to find the elderly farmer badly shaken. It is understood he suffered serious burns to his arm when he tried to throw boiling water at his assailants. He had also been threatened with a knife. It's understood the shotgun used by the gang to threaten the neighbours belonged to the farmer. It was loaded. The pensioner is staying with relatives. Police are seeking information about a Seat car used by the gang. A Seat Toledo car CKZ 8800 was found burnt out at Daisyfield Park off the Letterkenny Road, Londonderry early on Monday. SDLP councillor Patsy Kelly described the gang who carried out the attack were "cowards".
The Leyton Orient defender, who used to play for Liverpool, was held in Brompton Road, Knightsbridge, on Tuesday, the BBC understands. The Met Police said a 33-year-old man and a 31-year-old woman were arrested and taken to a west London police station. They have been bailed until late April. In a statement, Leyton Orient Football Club said: "The club are aware of the incident reported earlier today involving Andrea Dossena." It added it would not comment further whilst it was being dealt with by the authorities. Dossena scored against Manchester United and Real Madrid while he was at Liverpool. After joining Liverpool for £7m in July 2008, Dossena scored in the Reds' 4-0 win against Real Madrid in the Champions League in March 2009 and then again in the club's 4-1 away victory at Old Trafford against Manchester United. The Italian, who won 10 caps, joined Napoli in January 2010 before a spell at Sunderland in 2013-14. He joined League One Leyton Orient in November last year.
Save Fenton Town Hall say they are protesting because the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) is selling the building. They say a World War One memorial is at risk of being destroyed if the building is sold. However, the government has said "a legal covenant" means any buyer would have a duty to preserve the memorial. The group said they wanted to see the building preserved for community use and were prepared to stay there all night. The magistrates' court, which was built in 1886 as a town hall, closed in December 2012 as part of government plans to shut 93 courts in England and Wales in a bid to save Â£41m. The Great War Memorial, which contains 498 names of soldiers from Fenton, is built into the wall of the court. An MoJ spokesman said: "We are aware of the issue at the court. We understand the police are in attendance and the protest will be a matter for them."
The Ivorian government has approved a near €6 million euros (£5.1m) budget for the team's campaign in Gabon. It is an increase of €600,000 euros (£507,000) from the last finals in Equatorial Guinea two years ago. Ivory Coast kick off their tournament against Togo on 16 January, before facing DR Congo and Morocco in the group stage. The two-time champions opened a training camp in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on Monday where they will face Sweden in a friendly on 8 January and  will complete their warm-up with a game against Uganda, another Nations Cup-bound side, three days later. The Confederation of African Football has revealed the winners of this year's Nations Cup will collect $4m (£3.26m) in prize money, which is a 64% increase from a previous $1.5m (£1.2m). Kicking off on 14 January, the tournament ends with the final on 5 February.
At Warwick Crown Court her barrister accused the prosecution of launching a "tabloid attack" against her. Mrs Wadsworth and her husband Tony are on trial accused of indecently assaulting seven boys in the 1990s. The couple deny the offences and charges of outraging public decency. Mrs Wadsworth's barrister, David Hislop QC, criticised the prosecutions use of a "Naughty but Nice" charity calendar, in which Mrs Wadsworth posed as Lady Godiva, to suggest her career was forged "on the twang of a stocking". He suggested the prosecution used the calendar because of "shortcomings in their evidence". Mr Hislop claimed that prejudice and emotion had infected the investigation into allegations against the couple who previously worked for BBC Leicester and Birmingham-based BBC WM. He stressed to the jury that Mrs Wadsworth was not on trial to assess her morals. She accepts having sexual encounters with "young men" but denies they were underage. The couple, from Broughton Astley in Leicestershire, are charged with five counts of outraging public decency alleging they engaged in sexual activity "against a tree" in woodland in Warwickshire in view of others between July 1992 and June 1996. They deny the charges. Mrs Wadsworth has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges of indecent assault, while her husband denies nine counts of the same offence. The trial continues.
The so-called "cold cases" include ones dating back to the founding of the force in 1974. Det Supt Simon Atkinson, from the Homicide and Major Inquiry team, said the money would be used to employ 35 new staff. The funding comes from the office of the West Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner. Det Supt Atkinson said: "One undetected murder is one too many. "That is why the PCC has announced these extra resources to recruit staff to review all these cases and we are determined to do our best to get some answers, to find the people responsible and to bring them to justice." He said major advances in forensic techniques could make a real difference in reviewing all 55 cases. West Yorkshire's most well-known unsolved murder cases include the death of 13-year-old Lindsay Rimer, from Hebden Bridge, in 1995. Her body was found in the Rochdale Canal five months after she disappeared. Lindsay's sister, Kate Rimer, said: "We miss her so much and every memory of her is tainted because of what happened to her." Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Burns-Williamson said: "There are still people out there, in our communities, enjoying their liberty, who are responsible for terrible crimes. "They present a real threat of further harm and need bringing to justice." Mr Burns-Williamson said the money had been found from spending reviews and would fund the team for 18 months.
Glenn Murray put the Eagles ahead when he headed in from close range after Bolasie's deflected cross. Bolasie added a second soon afterwards as he poked the ball past Costel Pantilimon after Murray's knockdown. A lofted finish from Bolasie made it 3-0 and he completed his treble from Murray's pass before Connor Wickham volleyed in a late consolation. The result, the second time in three home games that Sunderland have conceded four goals, increases the Black Cats' relegation fears. Media playback is not supported on this device They have been in the Premier League for eight successive seasons but are now 16th in the table, only three points above QPR and Burnley. Sunderland have only six games left to save themselves, but their last two matches of the season are away at Arsenal and then at current leaders Chelsea. Dick Advocaat, brought in after former manager Gus Poyet had been sacked following a 4-0 home defeat by Aston Villa, had stressed the importance of this match to his side. But he was let down by some woeful defending as the hosts capitulated and conceded four goals in a 14-minute spell early in the second half. After a quiet first half that was low on quality and goalscoring chances, but high on fierce challenges, the match sprung into life within three minutes of the restart. Murray headed in his sixth goal in six games to set Palace on their way to their eighth win in 12 Premier League games since Alan Pardew took over at the start of the January. But even he could not have expected what was to follow. The hosts fell apart and three minutes later Bolasie, with one goal in his previous 27 league matches this season, got to Murray's flick-on first to make it 2-0. Media playback is not supported on this device The third goal was a poor one to concede, although Bolasie showed great technique to lift the ball over advancing Sunderland goalkeeper Pantilimon. Sunderland, who had beaten Newcastle 1-0 in their last match, fell further behind as Murray again linked up with Bolasie and he scored at the second attempt after being initially denied by Pantilimon. Advocaat had named what looked an attacking line-up with Jermain Defoe, Steven Fletcher and Wickham named in a three-man forward-line, although it took the hosts 44 minutes to record a shot on target. In front of a near-empty home support, who left the ground en masse after Palace's fourth goal, Wickham did well to steer the ball into the net in the 90th minute after Patrick van Aanholt's pullback. But it could not take the shine off Palace's day as they boosted their hopes of finishing in the top half of the Premier League for the first time ever. However, for Sunderland it was another dark day at the Stadium of Light. Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat said: "We have to recover in 14 days with an away game against Stoke and we have to do better as this was not good enough. "After the Newcastle game we did not see this performance coming. We had trained really well and the confidence had come back. We gave the match away in the first 10 minutes of the second half. "We could not cope with their pace, but I don't want to complain about the players. We win as a team and lose as a team. "We still have six matches left and it's in our hands. You cannot lose 4-1 to Crystal Palace in a home game because we need to get results."
England's last one-day international tournament meeting with the Black Caps ended in an eight-wicket defeat at the World Cup in February 2015. Morgan says that heavy loss was like "men against boys", with New Zealand going on to reach the final. "It's completely different now, two years down the line," said Morgan. England recovered later that year to beat Brendon McCullum's tourists 3-2. Another victory in Tuesday's match, which starts at 10:30 BST, would put them into the Champions Trophy last four, after New Zealand's game with Australia on Friday was abandoned because of rain. "We've got a completely new team, pretty much," added Morgan. "A lot of it has to do with confidence. We come into this tournament full of confidence. "The dominant factor in New Zealand was that they had that confidence, whereas we didn't." Morgan's side face Australia at Edgbaston on Saturday in their final Group A game. Steve Finn has replaced injured all-rounder Chris Woakes in the squad and Morgan says the Middlesex seamer was an automatic choice. "It was backing up consistency in selection and trying to get guys together as a group that we've showed trust in over the last couple of years," he said. "We've tried to go like-for-like as often as we can. But when we can't, we go for a guy we can throw the ball to at any stage in order to try to make an impact in the game. "Finny is one of those guys, and I'd have no hesitation in playing him if we felt it was the right thing to do."
The 8,000 capacity stadium at Huntington was due to open in August 2016 but will not be ready for occupation until around December, the club said. York Council said it would work with the Minstermen to "minimise any impact to the club and its fans". City said the delay would have "very little impact". In a statement, it added: "Although some may be slightly frustrated that the club will not be in a position to move into the new stadium for the start of the 2016/17 season, ensuring the future development is built correctly is crucial in providing a fantastic new home for York City for decades to come." Work on the Jockey Lane site was expected to start in June but the council said it is still finalising contracts. A spokesman added: "Once these matters are finalised the development phase can commence and work can begin on the stadium itself." York FC will continue to play at Bootham Crescent until the new stadium is complete. "The club wish to point out that precedents have been set by fellow football clubs switching stadiums during a season and although some fans may not view it as ideal, the eventual move to the York Community Stadium will be fundamental in securing York City's long term future," the club said.
He is the highest-ranking US official to publicly implicate Beijing since news of the data breach emerged. China always dismissed suggestions that it was behind the hacking. The statement comes after three days of high-level talks in which China and the US agreed to a "code of conduct". "China remains the leading suspects," said Mr Clapper at a conference in Washington DC, but "the US government continues to investigate" he added, according to his office. Background to a "massive" hack in five points US hit by 'massive data breach' China military unit 'behind prolific hacking' At the Washington talks where cyber security was a top priority, US Secretary of State John Kerry said there was a need to work with China to develop a "code of conduct" on state behaviour in cyberspace - Chinese representatives had agreed with these conclusions. "It's something that we agreed needs to be addressed and hopefully it can be addressed soon," State Department spokesman John Kirby said on Thursday. China has said any suggestion that it was behind the hacking is "irresponsible and unscientific".
Mae cronfa a elwir yn Daliad Tai yn ôl Disgresiwn (DHP) yn cael ei roi i gynghorau sir bob blwyddyn gan Lywodraeth y DU. Bwriad yr arian yw helpu pobl lle nad yw eu budd-dal yn ddigonol ar gyfer talu rhent. Y cyngor sydd â'r penderfyniad i ddosbarthu'r arian i bobl sydd ei angen. Os nad yw'r arian yn cael ei wario erbyn ddiwedd mis Mawrth, mae'n mynd yn ôl i'r Llywodraeth ac mae Cymru yn derbyn llai yn y flwyddyn ganlynol. Dywedodd llefarydd ar ran Shelter Cymru: "I filoedd o bobl yng Nghymru, Taliadau Tai yn ôl Disgresiwn yw'r unig beth sy'n sefyll rhyngddyn nhw â digartrefedd. "Dangosodd ffigyrau yn 2015/16 bod  cynghorau Cymru wedi anfon swm o £289,000 yn ôl i San Steffan." O ganlyniad, yn gynharach yn y flwyddyn lansiodd Shelter Cymru ymgyrch "Gwariwch neu fe Gollwch" er mwyn codi ymwybyddiaeth am y gronfa ac annog cynghorau i wneud defnydd llawn o'r adnodd. Meddai Shelter: "Gwnaeth rhai cynghorau fynd gam ymhellach i helpu pobl yn eu hardal gan ychwanegu arian ychwanegol i'r gronfa DHP. Gwnaeth eraill recriwtio staff ychwanegol i brosesu ceisiadau i sicrhau bod mwy o bobl yn cael eu helpu. "Fodd bynnag, doedd y darlun ddim yr un peth ar draws Cymru gyda rhai cynghorau ddim hyd yn oed yn gwario'r swm yn llawn. "Pam na wariwyd yr arian hwn? Rydym yn gwybod bod y galw yn uchel ar draws Cymru. Gyda mwy na 15,000 o bobl yn cael eu gwneud yn ddigartref bob blwyddyn, yn cynnwys dros 2,800 o blant, mae'r gronfa hon yn hollbwysig. Yn ôl Shelter y pum cyngor a ddychwelodd y mwyaf o arian i Lywodraeth y Deyrnas Unedig oedd Sir Gaerfyrddin, Gwynedd, Blaenau Gwent, Ceredigion a Wrecsam. "Roedd y cynghorau hyn yn gyfrifol am tua 75% o'r tan wariant o £100,000 a gafodd ei ddychwelyd i 'r Adran Gwaith a Phensiynau. "Gallai'r arian hwn fod wedi helpu o gwmpas 300 o aelwydydd i aros yn eu cartrefi ac osgoi digartrefedd." Wrth ymateb dywedodd llefarydd ar ran Cyngor Gwynedd wrth Cymru Fyw: "Mae gan Gyngor Gwynedd bolisi Taliad Tai yn ôl Disgresiwn (DHP) i sicrhau fod y modd yr ydym yn dyfarnu yn gyson a thryolyw ac wedi'i seilio ar haeddiant. "Rydym yn hyrwyddo taliadau DHP mewn sawl ffordd, gan gynnwys gweithio yn agos gyda'n partneriaid megis Cymdeithasau Tai, Shelter Cymru a Chyngor ar Bopeth, ac rydym yn gwneud pob ymdrech i ddosbarthu'r dyraniad blynyddol sy'n cael ei dderbyn gan y Llywodraeth. "Yn 2016/17, roedd ein dyraniad DHP gan y Llywodraeth yn £659,887, ac fe wnaethom lwyddo i ddosbarthu £646,656 sy'n cynrychioli 98%. "Roedd ein dyraniad DHP yr ail uchaf trwy Gymru, gan fod y Llywodraeth (Adran Gwaith a Phensiynau) wedi cydnabod fod Gwynedd yn un o'r ardaloedd gyda'r poblogaeth lleiaf dwys ym Mhrydain. Mae hyn yn golygu fod yna lai o opsiynau ar gael i denantiaid lle mae eu Budd-dal Tai wedi ei effeithio gan doriadau diwygio lles." Yn y cyfamser, mae Shelter Cymru yn galw ar y cyhoedd i adael i ffrindiau, teulu a chymdogion i wybod y gallant o bosibl fod yn gymwys i wneud cais i'r gronfa Taliad Tai yn ôl Disgresiwn.
Northumberland County Council is planning to scrap Haydon Bridge station as well as downsizing West Harton Community Station. Dave Ledger, chairman of the Northumberland Fire and Rescue Authority, said the council had "no choice" but to make the cuts. The council also plans to scrap engines in Ponteland, Seahouses and Wooler and replace them with smaller appliances. It has to save £500,000 on top of £1.5m cuts and has just finished a three-month consultation on its proposals. The authority said a number of concerns had been raised, including how the county would cope in the face of further flooding when fire crews are called to help. During the consultation it received three petitions, 84 online responses and 76 letters raising concerns over the plans, a spokesman said. Mr Ledger, who is also the deputy Labour leader of Northumberland County Council, said: "To say I am concerned about the future is an understatement. "We simply have no choice. The Government keeps saying we have choices - well I'd like them to tell us what the choices are." The fire service has 88 full-time firefighters and 180 on-call officers in the county. A full cabinet meeting will be held on 21 March when a final decision will be made. Mr Ledger added: "Should the recommendation be approved, we will continue to have 21 emergency response vehicles and, through the introduction of smaller fire appliances, in some areas we will be able to increase the cover we provide."
The BHA aims to halt a decline in the number of horses taking part in races lower down the scale with an increase in prize money and appearance fees. The scheme has the support of the Racecourse Association and Horsemen's Group. The proposals come as the 2018 fixture list is released, with 1,508 meetings next year, 11 more than in 2017. Richard Wayman, chief operating officer for the BHA, said: "Although there has been growth in total prize money in recent years, much of this has been at the top end. The returns to our sport's participants further down the scale are simply not sufficient at present to be sustainable. "Targeting grassroots with extra funding will help racing's participants to maintain their involvement in the sport, keeping more horses in training, as well as helping with the recruitment and retention of staff to care for our horses." The BHA proposes to invest additional levy income in racing from 2018, with the aim of delivering three key objectives for the sport - supporting ownership, delivering more competitive and compelling racing, and increasing customer engagement. A statement by the BHA proposed that, in addition to the increased number on meetings next year, there will also be "customer-friendly slots on Friday evenings and Saturday afternoons throughout summer with the aim of increasing attendances". "We need the fixture list and race programme to work in a manner that meets our customer's requirements. As customer and betting habits change it is essential that our sport evolves with them," Wayman added.
The National Housing Federation inquiry shows a worker paid the region's average wage - £23,405 - would need close to a £15,000 pay rise to qualify for an 80% mortgage. The average home in the region costs almost £166,000, more than seven times the average salary. In Harrogate, North Yorkshire, the average cost rises to 11 times salary. The NHF report shows Harrogate has an average house cost of almost £277,000, where the average salary is still £24,731. In comparison it found in Barnsley, Hull, North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire the average house cost less than six times the average salary. £277,000 Average house price in Harrogate £166,000 Average house price in Yorkshire and the Humber £38,000 The minimum salary needed for an 80% mortgage £23,405 Average salary in Yorkshire and the Humber The cost of renting or buying a home in the region was getting "further out of reach for many", according to the NHF. Jo Allen, of the NHF, said: "In some places people are completely priced out of their local communities. In others we see areas which need employment opportunities and investment in empty homes." The foundation represents independent non-profit housing associations in the United Kingdom. It uses the mean average for house costs and wages and assumes an 80% mortgage based on a lending ratio of 3.5 times salary. Salary data is based on the Annual Survey on Hours and Employment by the Office for National Statistics. Yorkshire and the Humber is one of nine regions of England identified for statistical purposes.
The assessment, to be published in mid-October, will be used to inform parties at Northern Ireland's political talks. In a statement on Friday, Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers said she is also to establish a fund to tackle organised crime associated with paramilitary groups. The two unionist parties now say they will join cross-party talks on Monday. Unionists had said the issue of continued paramilitary activity was crucial to their involvement. Democratic Unionist Party leader Peter Robinson said he was "content" with the announcement. "Policing and security in Northern Ireland is not just the responsibility of the Northern Ireland Executive, the secretary of state has a particular responsibility as well," Mr Robinson said. The National Crime Agency (NCA) became operational in Northern Ireland in May. Given its wide-ranging remit and resources, it would be reasonable to assume it knows the extent of paramilitary involvement in organised crime in Northern Ireland. It should be in a position to provide an assessment of paramilitary involvement to the Northern Ireland Secretary and political parties. So, it seems unlikely that the review to be published by the independent panel in October will tell Theresa Villiers and political parties anything they could not be told today by the NCA and the Police Service of Northern Ireland. Read more He said "permanent and statutory steps" to address paramilitary activity and links should be determined within the talks process. The Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt described Ms Villiers statement as a "positive step forward". Ms Villiers said the assessment of paramilitaries would be carried out by UK security agencies and the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and would be reviewed and checked by three people whose names would be announced early next week. "I also intend to establish dedicated funding aimed at increasing the capability of agencies working to tackle criminality and organised crime associated with paramilitary groups in Northern Ireland," she said. "It will support agencies to enhance specialist capabilities such as forensic accounting to strengthen their capacity to seize criminal assets. "Lastly, I am planning to discuss with the Northern Ireland justice minister and the Irish justice minister how we can work best together in our efforts to tackle cross-border crime." Read more on how the crisis unfolded In response, Sinn FÃ©in's Martin McGuinness said: "Obviously with today's developments and the response of unionist leaders, as we hoped all-party talks will resume on Monday. "We're entering the talks on Monday in a positive and constructive spirit." But on the subject of the assessment, the deputy first minister added: "I don't think anybody is going to learn anything over the next four weeks that they didn't know over the last 20 years." The Police Service of Northern Ireland's Chief Constable George Hamilton said he welcomed the "clear focus" on organised crime that the assessment would provide. Irish Foreign Minister Charlie Flanagan said it would be a "once-off exercise". He added that it was intended to assist the political parties in considering "how the impact and legacy of paramilitary activity should best be addressed". Alliance Party leader David Ford said the assessment was a positive move but added: "This may serve a range of purposes but we remain committed to exploring a standing mechanism." Alasdair McDonnell, the leader of the SDLP, said what was needed was more than just a briefing "but a real sense that all paramilitary structures including financial, intelligence and military are disbanded and that illicit cash flows and assets are accounted". Traditional Unionist Voice leader Jim Allister said Ms Villiers' statement "has all the appearance of politically motivated and timed window-dressing to keep the failed process going".
Father-of-two Greg Gilbert, 39, from Southampton, has been diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer. His fiancée Stacey Heale said his only chance of survival was to go abroad for treatment which she said was not available to him on the NHS. GoFundMe said the appeal was one of the "fastest ever" campaigns on its site. More than 4,000 people have so far donated to the fundraising page, posted at 10:30 GMT on Wednesday, including music stars Craig David and Ellie Goulding. In a Facebook post, Mr Gilbert said the response was " truly humbling". "I can't begin to express our gratitude - not a penny is being taken for granted and we've been moved to tears many times over the last few days reading the supportive messages from not only friends and family but also strangers from all over the world." Ms Heale said she and Mr Gilbert had been "in tears and holding hands" as they watched the pledges come in. She said: "It's been overwhelming; our phone has been ringing off the hook. I was refreshing the page this morning and were just like, 'oh my God, we've done it'. "Grateful doesn't cover it. We've had one person donate £2,000. After such a difficult year for people, to have this at Christmas is so hopeful for us." Ms Heale said she was researching options for treatment, including personalised immunotherapy in Germany and the USA. She said she was considering posting a new fundraising target of £250,000, after a private specialist warned that Mr Gilbert's medical bills could amount to £100,000 a year. Writing on the funding page, Ms Heale said her fiancée had begun chemotherapy for the cancer, which had spread to his lungs. She said she was disappointed the drug Avastin, for advanced bowel cancers, was currently not routinely available on the NHS. A fundraising gig has been organised on 5 January at the Southampton venue, the Joiners, where Delays have played many times during their career. The band was formed in Southampton in 2001 by brothers Greg and Aaron Gilbert with Colin Fox and Rowly.
Although ratification in national parliaments will be needed before its total application, approval of the deal would be an important symbolic moment. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is due to speak to MEPs on Thursday, the day after the ratification vote. The speech will be the first made to a full meeting of the Parliament by a Canadian PM. New Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen will also make his first address to MEPs on Tuesday. As well as that, MEPs are due to vote on new legislation relating to border checks and terrorist offences. They will also vote on a motion setting out their position on where the EU should go after Brexit. Here are the main events coming up in the week ahead... The sitting will kick off in the afternoon with a debate on ways to promote greater use of natural pesticides in European farming. In a motion on Wednesday, MEPs are likely to call for current EU authorisation rules for such pesticides to be eased. The day's main debate is on suggestions for improving the EU's Emissions Trading System (ETS), a scheme which aims to reduce carbon emissions. The scheme works by making large power plants buy "allowances" authorising them to emit greenhouse gases, within an overall agreed limit. Critics of the system say it is ineffective because the price of permits is too low and the overall cap has become overly generous due to lower economic activity. The EU Commission has proposed to increase the speed at which emissions permits are withdrawn from the market in the nine years running up to 2030. MEPs will take a position on the changes on Wednesday, although the necessary agreement from EU governments on where to go from here has not yet been found. In the evening, they will debate non-binding reports in a number of areas, including one on the EU's competition policy. They will also debate a draft motion which calls for whistleblowers to gain greater protection in EU law. The day begins with a debate on three separate motions on the future of the treaties and powers of the EU. These non-binding reports will set out the Parliament's position on the bloc's future ahead of next month's events to mark the 60th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome. The most notable is the one drafted by the assembly's Brexit observer Guy Verhofstadt, which calls for a "comprehensive" review of the EU's current treaties. Among the many recommendations endorsed at committee stage was a call for the European Banking Authority and the European Medicines Agency - both currently based in London - to be moved out of the UK after Brexit. The three motions - along with amendments - will be put to a vote on Thursday. At lunchtime, MEPs will decide whether to support an agreement to allow Europol to conclude data-sharing powers with Denmark after it quits the body. Denmark is due to leave the EU police co-operation agency in May, when it is due to acquire a raft of new powers. Continued membership would have required Denmark to end opt-outs on certain EU legislation - something Danish voters rejected in a 2015 referendum. A new agreement would allow for some information-sharing to continue, and give the country observer status in the organisation. MEPs do not have the power to block an agreement, but have to give their opinion before it can be put into place. In the afternoon, they will discuss the continued wrangling over the IMF's participation in the latest stage of Greece's EU bailout. Eurozone ministers are under pressure to break the deadlock next week, the last time they will meet before forthcoming elections in the Netherlands. MEPs will also debate the recent upsurge in violence in eastern Ukraine and the recent passing of an Israeli law legalising almost 4,000 settler homes. As well as assessing the EU membership aspirations of Albania and Bosnia-Herzegovina, in the evening they will also debate suggestions for changing the process by which the EU monitors the budgets and spending of member states. The entire morning sitting will be taken up by debate on CETA, the EU-Canada trade deal that faces a ratification vote just after 11.00 GMT. Ratification would allow the agreement to provisionally come into force from as soon as next month. Sections of the deal covering investment protection and financial services will come into force once the deal has been ratified by national parliaments. The deal aims to eliminate 98% of tariffs on goods traded between Canada and the EU, making it the EU's most comprehensive trade deal to date. The agreement also includes provisions allowing companies greater access to public sector contracts, and sustainable development clauses. Green, left-wing and Eurosceptic MEPs have vowed to vote against, although it passed fairly comfortably in the lead international trade committee. Eyes will be on the centre-left Socialist and Democrats group, whose MEPs may split on the issue. After the lunchtime voting session, the afternoon will begin with a debate on proposals to extend the list of terror-related offenses made illegal in EU law. New legislation will make travelling for terrorist purposes, terrorist training and funding terrorist activities illegal under EU legislation. A compromise on the changes has been reached with national ministers and will be put to a final vote on Thursday. EU states will have 18 months to incorporate the changes into domestic legislation - the UK, Ireland and Denmark will not have to apply them. After this they will debate proposals to increase checks at the external border of the passport-free Schengen area. The new law would require travellers to be checked against Interpol's stolen and lost travel documents database (SLTD) and the Schengen Information System. The new requirements will also be put to a vote on Thursday. In the evening, MEPs will debate a report from the legal affairs committee which calls for new EU legislation in the field of robotics. The committee's suggestions are not binding on the EU Commission, which would have to propose any new laws in this area. Among its many recommendations, the draft report suggests creating a new EU agency to register advanced robots and give advice to national regulators. After a debate on the EU's 2015 strategy for the civil aviation sector, MEPs will debate their usual three motions on human rights cases. This month's picks relate to Nicaragua, executions in Kuwait and Bahrain and activists in Guatemala. After the expected ratification of the CETA deal the day before, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is due to speak from 10.00 GMT. The reports on robotics and the future direction of the EU, as well as the legislation on border checks and terror offences, will be voted on after that. The afternoon's only short debate will see MEPs debate the Commission's recent agreement with Germany on its planned road tolls. In 2015 the German Parliament approved a law that allowed German-registered cars to get a deduction on the charge on their annual vehicle tax bill. MEPs have tabled an oral question questioning whether the EU executive was right to suspend its anti-discrimination court case given the scale of the amendments to the plan agreed with Berlin. Please note: This agenda is subject to modification at the opening of the session on Monday afternoon. A guide to how the European Parliament's plenary sessions can be found here.
The Northern Ireland striker headed home on the hour mark as Ian Cathro's side struggled at Borough Briggs. Dunfermline, having played a game more, top Group B after a 9-8 penalty shootout win over East Fife following a goalless draw. The shootout victory meant the Pars picked up two points with East Fife taking one. After 17 penalties without a miss, Ben Gordon was the unlucky man to fail with his spot-kick. Hearts head coach Cathro was happy to see summer signing Lafferty open his account for the club. "We anticipated it would be difficult, it's not an easy place to come and play," he told BBC Scotland. "They defended well and we had to be patient. "I'm pleased that we stayed calm and that Kyle (Lafferty) got a goal. It was a good finish." In Group A, Inverness Caledonian Thistle held on to top spot despite needing a shootout following a 0-0 draw away to Stirling Albion. Liam Polworth and Iain Vigurs were the only ones to score in the shootout to hand John Robertson's men a 2-0 win on penalties and the bonus point. In the derby between Brechin City and Forfar Athletic, Mark Millar took the game to spot-kicks with a late penalty after Isaac layne had given Brechin a second-half lead. Brechin moved into third place, one point behind Falkirk, after Kalvin Orsi's winning penalty earned the bonus point. Inverness Caley Thistle manager John Robertson blamed a lack of a killer instinct for his side failing to earn all three points. "In terms of the ball, we dominated most of the match," said Robertson. "We knew Stirling would be at it and they were, all credit to Dave Mackay and his team. "We lacked belief in the first half, had great chances to score and didn't take them. Second half we said up the tempo and get at them, which we did. But we just couldn't find that killer instinct. "The more it went, the more frustrating it was. I thought we were going to be here until midnight with the penalties. Two scored out of eight, that's incredible. Two of our guys missed the target and for professional players that's bad technique."
Dubbed "swirl face" due to efforts he made to disguise himself, Neil is classed a "high-risk sex offender". The 42-year-old Canadian was arrested in Thailand in 2007 following a global manhunt and a worldwide appeal for public information by Interpol. He has spent time in jail in both Thailand and Canada for sexually abusing young boys. Corrections officials from the province of British Columbia (BC) issued a public warning following Neil's release on Sunday. BC Corrections spokeswoman Cindy Rose said in a statement that Neil will be "subject to an intensive level of monitoring and supervision in the community". It includes: Neil was arrested 10 years ago when Interpol, the international police agency, appealed for help after experts unscrambled his digitally-swirled internet photos. It was the first time Interpol had made a direct worldwide appeal for public information in a case. Online images of Neil showing him abusing young boys had been manipulated to disguise his face with a swirl pattern, but German computer specialists were able to produce identifiable images. Neil was jailed in Thailand between August 2008 and September 2012 following a conviction for sexual offences against two boys.  He was released and deported to Canada. In December 2015 he pleaded guilty to five new charges involving the sexual abuse of young boys in Cambodia and possession of child pornography in Canada.  His sentenced was reduced due to time already served. Neil, originally from Maple Ridge, BC, had spent about 15 years in Asia teaching English.
It looked at the number of accidents recorded at each junction, then weighted the results according to the severity of injuries sustained and how many cyclists were active in the area. The Arkleston Road/A761 junction in Paisley headed the list. The charity, which promotes walking and cycling, said the results highlight the importance of better infrastructure. The findings will be presented at the Scottish Transport Applications and Research conference this week. Locations with dangerous junctions included Wallyford, Dundee, Tranent, Inverness and Stirling. Roundabouts were featured in eight of the dangerous junctions, with seven others being T-junctions or staggered junctions. Sustrans Scotland director John Lauder said: "Safety is often cited as the main reason why people don't cycle for more of the journeys they make every day. "This research highlights the importance of having high-quality cycling infrastructure in place at junctions, so that collisions can be prevented. "We know that better cycle infrastructure increases the feeling of safety and ultimately the number of people on bikes." He added: "Put quite simply: the more people in a place who cycle, the safer it becomes for everyone." Sustrans Scotland has been working with local authorities to address some of the specific concerns. It contributed to a consultation on improving one of Edinburgh's busiest junctions, at Sheriffhall roundabout. A Transport Scotland spokesman said: "The Scottish government remains committed to undertaking improvements at Sheriffhall roundabout having announced the preferred route option earlier this year. "As part of the scheme, grade separation at Sheriffhall will improve access for pedestrians and cyclists compared to the existing arrangement. "By allowing Edinburgh City Bypass traffic to pass over it will significantly reduce congestion and improve accessibility for all modes of transport including pedestrians and cyclists."
The 70-year-old will take charge of pre-season after having a tumour removed from his bladder, the Sun on Sunday has reported. Tests later showed that the tumour was not malignant, but Redknapp will have further check-ups every three months. "I could feel it in my body - I knew it wasn't right. This is the first time I've been properly worried," he said. Redknapp took charge of the Championship club in April after Gianfranco Zola resigned, and succeeded in saving them from relegation. The former West Ham and Tottenham boss signed a one-year contract with Birmingham the following month. He told the paper that it was his wife Sandra who urged him to seek medical advice. "They cut it out, took it away, sent it away to make sure it is not malignant and luckily everything was OK. I know I am fortunate," Redknapp said. "They cut it out, there was no other option. Once they did that I was up and about after a couple of days. I am relaxed about it now because what can you do?" Redknapp and the Birmingham squad arrived in Austria on Sunday for a pre-season trip that will see them play friendly matches against German club Union Berlin and Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona from Israel.
Notts folded on the eve of the Women's Super League One Spring Series season, prompting concern that players would be left without a club for the campaign. Players told the BBC on Friday that the timing had left them "abandoned". Four of England's squad for Euro 2017 - Carly Telford, Jo Potter, Laura Bassett and Jade Moore - played for Notts. A Football Association statement on Thursday said: "The FA can confirm that it has given Notts County Ladies players the opportunity to move to new clubs within England with immediate effect. "Following Notts County's decision last week to terminate its women's team, the FA has worked closely with the PFA and wider stakeholders to enable players to find new clubs as soon as possible. "Players are now in a position to sign for new clubs in England. They may also move to leagues in other countries where the transfer window is open." A statement from the Professional Footballers' Association on Friday had said: "We have also been in discussions with the FA and FAWSL to ensure that players can register with other clubs outside of the transfer window given the exceptional circumstances the players find themselves in due to no fault of their own." What remains unclear is how many WSL clubs will have contingency within their budgets for the Spring Series to sign additional players.
It has announced that loans made to students in England between 2002 and 2006 will be put up for sale - to be followed by other pre-2012 loans - with the aim of raising £12bn. Universities Minister Jo Johnson said the sale would have "no impact on people with student loans". But the National Union of Students said it was an "ugly move on students". "It is outrageous that bankers will profit off the backs of graduates who took out loans because they had no other option," said the union's vice-president Sorana Vieru. The government has had a long-standing aim to sell the student loan book to private investors - with types of loans being sold in separate stages. Over the next four years it aims to dispose of the loans from before 2012, when tuition fees in England were trebled to £9,000 per year. The slice of loans now being put on sale - dating from 2002 to 2006 - have a face value of £4bn. The government is promising that there will be "no changes to the terms and conditions" for borrowers - so that rates of repayment for former students will remain the same. It means that interest on these student loans will become an income for private investors, but repayments will continue to be collected through taxation and the Student Loans Company. The Intergenerational Foundation think tank has calculated that a student borrowing for three years' tuition could pay back £54,000 - before debts are cancelled after 30 years. The Universities Minister Jo Johnson says the sale of assets is part of the drive to bring "public finances under control". But he said it would "only proceed once we are satisfied that it represents value for money for the taxpayer". David Gauke, chief secretary to the Treasury, said it was the right time to start the sale process. "This sale makes sense for taxpayers and will play an important contribution in our work to repair the public finances," he said. But John Pugh, the Liberal Democrats education spokesman, said: "The Conservative Brexit fire-sale is well underway, as ministers scrabble around to sell just about anything that isn't nailed down." Earlier versions of student loans have previously been sold - but it is now approaching the point in which the bigger "income-contingent loans", introduced in 2006 when fees rose to £3,000, will be the next in line for sale. The National Union of Students attacked the sale as "economic illiteracy" and warned that it would begin a process in which loans would have to be made more attractive to private buyers - at the expense of student borrowers. "It doesn't just penalise students and graduates, it is taking money from the public purse which could and should be spent on services over the long term," said Ms Vieru. However, Nick Hillman, director of the Higher Education Policy Institute, said that there was much "misinformation" about the sale of loans, and the key issue was making sure that the taxpayer received good value. "What the government is doing may make some sense," said Mr Hillman. "Why should it keep the loans forever on its books? Why shouldn't the demand of pension funds for long-term income streams be satisfied if there are no clear losers? Why shouldn't we look for imaginative ways to reduce the national debt?" Consumer finance expert Martin Lewis welcomed assurances about borrowers not facing a negative, but cautioned: "It is a question of 'watch this space' to see if their rhetoric is matched by their delivery." Labour's shadow education secretary, Angela Rayner, said: "This government never learn any lessons - this sale will do nothing to ease the burden of debt piled on students by the Tories who have trebled tuition fees and scrapped maintenance grants."
It was widely anticipated the Spending Review would confirm the need for police efficiencies would remain at the top of the agenda, at least until 2020. The Home Office is not one of the favoured "protected" ministries shielded from cuts. And as 71% of its gross spending goes on crime and policing, that is where most of the department's cuts have bitten. Add to that Home Secretary Theresa May's determination to reform policing, and there was a strong sense the government would not change course. That was certainly the expectation at Manchester Town Hall, where chief constables and police and crime commissioners (PCCs) had gathered for their annual joint conference. At 12:30, a large group of them took their places around a television set in a room set aside for exhibitors to watch the chancellor's statement. The mood was sombre. Most chiefs and PCCs had been planning for cuts of 20-25%. The Inspectorate of Constabulary had suggested that by 2018, forces would have to shed at least 12,000 officer, staff and police community support officer (PCSO) posts, with further reductions after that. The inspectorate, known for its careful, measured commentary, warned some forces might not be able to withstand another round of cuts, because they were not efficient enough. It said the "operational viability" of some could be "in jeopardy". The National Police Chiefs Council, which co-ordinates the work of forces, feared the job losses would be even worse - 35,000 by 2020, which, Sara Thornton, who chairs the council, said in July, would be a "game changer". Constabularies with large urban areas stood to lose the most, as they tend to rely more on Home Office funding, among them Northumbria, which gets 85% of its income from central government, and the West Midlands, 83%. So, when the announcement came, towards the end of Mr Osborne's statement, that there would be no further policing cuts, there was genuine disbelief, mixed with delight. Kevin Hurley, Surrey's PCC, described the atmosphere as "euphoric", as though England had won the World Cup. Essex Chief Constable Steve Kavanagh held his hand over his mouth in shock. "I'm aghast," he said. At moments such as this, journalists reach for the official documents to look at the small print. Could it really be true? The Treasury statement appears unequivocal. "The government will protect overall police spending in line with inflation - an increase of Â£900m by 2019-20," it says. The Home Office press release, however, says the funding will enable individual forces to maintain their budgets at current cash levels. That means each force will not automatically get enough money to keep pace with inflation. They will get the same in 2019-20 as they are getting this year. Instead, extra funding will be distributed in certain specialist policing areas - firearms, tackling cybercrime and child sexual exploitation, some of which might be dealt with regionally - as well as to forces that demonstrate efficiencies. It is that extra funding that enables the government to say overall police funding is going up in real terms. In other words, the Home Office has accepted arguments that some aspects of policing need more central co-ordination and constabularies that come up with viable efficiency plans should be rewarded. It is called "top slicing" - and that is quite a major change, and one it is easy to overlook amid the relief there are to be no cuts. The other announcement, which has been broadly welcomed, is PCCs will get more "flexibility" to raise funds for policing from the council tax policing levy, known as the precept. Until now, the government has limited how much PCCs can raise through the precept, by restricting annual increases in England to under 2%. Rises higher than that require a referendum. Different rules apply in Wales. The ability to raise the precept by more - how much is not yet clear - could allow those constabularies that rely on it most heavily, such as Surrey and Dorset, to generate substantial extra income. That the government decided to perform an about-turn on police spending owes much to effective lobbying by police leaders who warned further cuts put the police in risky territory. A number of senior officers and PCCs made representations to the home secretary over the past few months. They were not shroud-wavers - but people whose views she respected. They pointed to the growing signs of strain on police forces and their ability to deal with cyber-fraud and sexual offences, reports of which have gone up by 88% since 2012. The attacks in Paris then cemented the view in Whitehall the cuts could not go ahead as planned. If the chancellor had limited the cuts to 10%, which police said they could just about cope with, there would have been relief among most chiefs and PCCs. His decision to go even further, no cuts at all, which took the opposition benches by complete surprise, suggests in the end politics played a key part too. Presented by Chancellor George Osborne, the Spending Review sets out what government spending will be over the next four years, while the Autumn Statement is an annual update of government plans for the economy. Explained: Which government departments will be affected? Analysis: From BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg Special report: Full in-depth coverage of the Spending Review and Autumn Statement
Watch out for plenty of brinkmanship, particularly on a key amendment to the Criminal Finances Bill (see below). This will also make the whole timetable pretty fluid and prone to last minute alteration as new events are crowbarred in. A few of the MPs who are departing at this election may deliver their Commons swansongs - and the final PMQs could be a particularly bare-knuckle occasion. Meanwhile, up on the committee corridor, it's raining reports, as the various select committees rush out the results of their inquiries - up to 50 more reports should be out before dissolution. The subjects include: the Women and Equalities Committee on Building for Equality: Disability and the Built Environment; the Education Committee on Exiting the EU: challenges and opportunities for higher education; Scottish Affairs on Jobcentre Plus closures, and Public Accounts (which has quite a few offerings in the pipeline) on the HMRC Estate. The Commons meets at 2.30 pm for Communities and Local Government questions - with any urgent questions or ministerial statements likely to be slotted in at 3.30pm. The main event will be the rushing through of the Northern Ireland (Ministerial Appointments and Regional Rates) Bill, which is designed to keep the devolved system in place while the political parties on the Assembly negotiate to set up a new executive. The adjournment led by the Conservative Richard Drax in on primates as pets - it will raise the issues highlighted in a petition of more than 110,000 signatures calling for new welfare standards for primates. This had been gathered by visitors to Monkey World, a primate rescue centre in Mr Drax's constituency, which calls for a change the law so that those who want to keep primates have to meet exacting standards of welfare that equal those found in zoos and wildlife parks. In Westminster Hall (4.30pm) MPs debate e-petition 172405  on closed book examinations for GCSE English Literature. The exams require students to learn and memorise as many as 250 quotations from 15 poems, two plays and a novella. The petition argues that the exams should not test the student's memory, but how they interpret texts. The petition has attracted 109,285 signatures. The scheduled hearing of the Commons Liaison Committee, the super committee of select committee chairs with the prime minister, has been cancelled because of the election. They now aim to hold a hearing as soon as possible in the new parliament, but since the new set of chairs are unlikely to be in place before mid-July, that may not be before the summer recess. In the Lords, business opens (2.30pm) with tributes to Sir David Beamish who has stood down as the top official of the House, the Clerk of the Parliaments (the Clerk of the Commons is "under-clerk") to be led by the Leader of the House, Baroness Evans. And then peers move on to a series of orders and regulations, including the Trade Union (Deduction of Union Subscriptions from Wages in the Public Sector) Regulations 2017, the Immigration Act 2016 (Consequential Amendments) (Biometrics and Legal Aid) Regulations 2017, the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (Amendment) Order 2017 among others. Then there is a short debate on the report 'Race in the workplace: The McGregor-Smith Review' - which calls for all employers with more than 50 people to set aspirational targets to increase diversity and inclusion throughout their organisations - not just at the bottom. Companies should look at the make-up of the area in which they are recruiting to establish the right target. For instance, the proportion of working age people from a BME background in London and Birmingham is already over 40%, with Manchester not far behind. Baroness McGregor-Smith chairs the Women's Business Council, a working group that seeks to maximise women's contribution to economic growth, and was appointed by the then Business Secretary Sajid Javid, to lead a review of the issues faced by businesses in developing black and minority ethnic talent from when they start work through to the executive level. The Commons meets at 11.30am for Justice questions (watch out for fallout from the demise of the Prisons and Courts Bill, which has had to be scrapped because there is not enough time to get it through before the election) to be followed by a Ten Minute Rule Bill from Labour's Rachel Reeves. This is on fees and charges to unauthorised overdrafts, which are often higher than those for the now capped payday loans - an issue she has pursued on the Treasury Select Committee. She wants the Financial Conduct Authority to introduce a cap on the charges to bring them into line with the cap on payday loans. The day's main event is the committee of the whole House debate on the Finance (No. 2) Bill - which puts the measures announced in the Budget into effect - although the time pressure imposed by the election will probably mean controversial sections are stripped out. MPs will also debate Lords amendments to the Health Service Medical Supplies (Costs) Bill. In Westminster Hall, there's a Backbench Business Committee debate on Post Office closures (9.30am- 11am), followed by a series of debates led by individual MPs: the Conservative former education secretary Nicky Morgan raises Police and local authority guidance on dogs attacking other dogs (11am- 1.30 am);  the Conservative Derek Thomas has a debate on employment opportunities in food and farming (2.30pm- 4pm); the Conservative James Heappey discusses Wells' bid for UK City of Culture (4pm-4.30pm) and the Conservative David Mackintosh leads a debate on grandparents' rights to access to grandchildren (4.30pm -5.30pm). In the Lords (2.30pm) peers bash their way through Commons amendments to the Technical and Further Education Bill, the Neighbourhood Planning Bill (there is now all-party consensus around an amendment to provide protection for pubs in the planning system), and the Bus Services Bill. Then comes the main event: the report stage and third reading of the Criminal Finances Bill - watch out for the cross party amendment in the names of the Crossbencher Baroness Stern, Labour's Lord Rosser, the Lib Dem Baroness Kramer and the Conservative Lord Kirkhope, to require a register of the beneficial ownership of companies based in UK overseas territories like Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Montserrat and the Turks and Caicos Islands - which they argue will improve transparency and help clamp down on money laundering. Finally, there is  a short debate on support for the steel industry and its role in the government's industrial strategy led by Lord Mendelsohn. The Commons opens (11.30am) with Welsh questions, followed at noon by  Prime Minister's questions - which, unless face to face TV debates are held, will be the only direct confrontation between Theresa May and her rivals before polling day. Then comes a Ten Minute Rule Bill from the SNP's Alan Brown, who wants to end the use of cash retentions in the construction industry. This is where a proportion of a sub contract is held over by the main contractor to sort any defects on the job - but sub-contractors routinely fail to get their money back in a timely manner or sometimes not at all, sometimes because of the insolvency of main contractor. Mr Brown is proposing a scheme similar to the tenancy deposit scheme which will provide independent protection. After that it's back to the washup, and consideration of Lords amendments to the Digital Economy Bill (issues in play include more superfast broadband, a proposed independent commission to set the BBC Licence Fee, a requirement that public service broadcasters are prominent on the channel displays of digital TV systems, and much much more), followed by Lords amendments to the Criminal Finances Bill (see above). The adjournment led by Labour's Chris Evans is on the effect of diesel fumes in Islwyn - his constituency. In Westminster Hall  there are debates on school funding in the North East of England, led by Labour's Sharon Hodgson (9.30am -11am);  the Colne to Skipton railway led by the Conservative Andrew Stephenson (11am - 11.30am) and learning outside the classroom, led by Labour's Barry Sheerman (4pm- 4.30pm). In the Lords (3pm) questions include the Green peer Baroness Jones of Moulsecoomb on refining the definition of domestic extremism to enable the police to focus on those involved in terrorism and serious crime - she used the Data Protection Act to access her police file, and found she was considered a potential extremist, and had been under surveillance by the police's "domestic extremism" unit from 2001 until 2012, including during her candidacy to become London's mayor. She is still pressing for answers about the surveillance and the alleged destruction of documents on her case. Then peers zoom through the remaining private members' bills sent over by the Commons - starting with the committee stage of the Local Audit (Public Access to Documents) Bill, followed by the Merchant Shipping (Homosexual Conduct) Bill and the Guardianship (Missing Persons) Bill - and the Farriers (Registration) Bill. All will have their third reading debates the next day. In the Commons, MPs open (9.30am) with Exiting the European Union questions, followed by any remaining loose legislative ends sent over by their lordships. There may or may not be any. And the final debate of the 2015 Parliament will be the SNP MP Chris Stephens' adjournment on the cost of telephone calls to the Department for Work and Pensions. In the Lords (from 11am) questions to ministers include the Conservative, Baroness Couttie, the Leader of Westminster City Council, calling for legislation to regulate pedicab drivers. Then peers will move on to those third reading debates - on the Local Audit (Public Access to Documents) Bill, the Merchant Shipping (Homosexual Conduct) Bill, the Guardianship (Missing Persons) Bill and the Farriers (Registration) Bill. And their final task will be to approve some statutory instruments on Driving Disqualifications and Student Fees, Awards and Support- although that last one comes with a regret motion attached, from Labour's Lord Clark of Windermere. So it is possible that the final act of the House of Lords in this Parliament might be to defeat the government. And when all is done, the mildly pythonesque ceremony of prorogation will follow, with much doffing of cocked hats and flowery cod-medieval language. Some MPs, mostly those who're not seeking re-election, usually come to the bar of the House to watch the spectacle. And that will be it until Parliament reconvenes after the election, On 3 May (following dissolution at 00:01 BST that morning) a meeting of the Privy Council will issue a proclamation to declare the meeting of the new Parliament with 14 June the likely date. The only business at the meeting will be to elect a Speaker. The next day the anointed Speaker will receive the Royal Approbation, and this will allow MPs and peers start to swear the Oath of Allegiance. This continues until Friday. New MPs then have the chance to go on various induction courses and are allocated offices. My bet is that 21 June  will see the state opening, with the government's plans for the coming session announced.
All Japan's nuclear plants were gradually shut down after a series of meltdowns at the Fukushima plant sparked by the tsunami and earthquake. But after passing stringent new safety tests, Kyushu Electric Power restarted the number one reactor at its Sendai plant on Tuesday morning. There is still strong public unease about a return to nuclear power. Protests have been taking place outside the Sendai plant and at Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's residence in Tokyo, about 1,000 km (600 miles) away. The BBC's Rupert Wingfield-Hayes in Tokyo says that after being told a disaster like Fukushima could never happen, public confidence has been shaken. A total of 25 plants have applied to be restarted, he says, but all are facing legal challenges from concerned locals. What is happening inside the Sendai reactor? Kyushu said reactor No.1 at Sendai began operating again at 10:30 local time (01:30 GMT). TV images showed the plant's control room as workers turned the reactor back on. Kyushu Electric spokesman Tomomitsu Sakata said the reactor had gone back online without any problems. It will be about 24 hours before a full reaction takes place, and the plant is expected to start generating power by Friday. It will reach full capacity some time next month. Prime Minister Abe said on Monday that the reactors had passed "the world's toughest safety screening". "I would like Kyushu Electric to put safety first and take utmost precautions for the restart," he said. Since shutting down all nuclear plants, Japan has been relying on imported fossil fuels for its energy, at huge expense. The government has said nuclear power must resume to cut both import bills and growing CO2 emissions. Experts have also warned that reactors left idle for years tend to experience teething problems and that such a mass restart of dormant reactors has never been attempted before, says our correspondent. Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority approved two reactors at the Sendai plant last September under stricter safety rules. The second reactor is due to be restarted in October. More than $100m (Â£64m) has been spent on fitting new safety systems at the Sendai plant. But local residents say the new safety regulations are not stringent enough - they are worried about potential dangers from active volcanoes in the region. Protesters were rallied by Naoto Kan, prime minister at the time of the Fukushima crisis, who told the crowd: "We don't need nuclear plants." He said the Fukushima disaster had "exposed the myth of safe and cheap nuclear power, which turned out to be dangerous and expensive". One of the most powerful earthquakes ever recorded struck off the coast of Japan in March 2011, triggering a huge tsunami which damaged the Fukushima nuclear plant, leading to meltdown. Almost 16,000 people died and more than 2,500 are still listed as missing, though none of the deaths has been linked to the nuclear disaster. Some 160,000 people were evacuated from the surrounding areas in the following weeks - continuing high radiation levels mean most have never been able to return home.
The Northampton skipper will not be able to play until 14 May, meaning he is free to take part in England's June tour to South Africa if selected. Ireland flanker Ferris drew attention to the incident during England's 30-9 Six Nations victory on 17 March, but it was not spotted by referee Nigel Owens. "I am disappointed by the result," said Hartley, who may decide to appeal. "I will wait for the written judgment as to how the panel came to their conclusion. "I now have to put it behind me and focus on supporting Saints in training and off the field." Hartley has been ruled out of the rest of the regular domestic season but he could return if Saints reach the Premiership final on 26 May. The lowest suspension for biting is 12 weeks, with a maximum sanction of four years. But an independent Six Nations disciplinary committee decided Hartley's case was worthy of a lesser punishment after Tuesday's hearing. "The offence merited a low entry point in the International Rugby Board's table of sanctions and allowed mitigation of four weeks," said a statement released by the committee. The panel listened to evidence from both Hartley and Ferris, who spoke via videolink, while England forwards coach Graham Rowntree and Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder also represented their player. Rowntree said: "It is unfortunate for Dylan and Northampton, especially as he was in good form during the Six Nations, and he has developed as a player and a leader. "However, we are looking forward to him being available for the tour to South Africa." Mallinder added: "We are disappointed that Dylan has been suspended, especially at a crucial part of the season." It is the second time Hartley has received a lengthy suspension from the game. He received a six-month ban for eye gouging while playing for Northampton against Wasps in 2007.
The pro-European cabinet minister said UKIP had no positive policies and was just "against" foreigners. UKIP leader Nigel Farage hit back by accusing Mr Clarke of holding millions of British people "in utter contempt". He said Mr Clarke was "obviously not interested" in winning back disaffected Tory voters at Thursday's local elections in England and Wales. It comes as UKIP accused the Tories of conducting a "morally reprehensible" smear campaign against its local election candidates. The anti-EU party has expanded rapidly, recruiting a record 1,732 candidates to contest Thursday's local elections.  It admits it has not had the time or money to vet all of them properly. UKIP says it has evidence that smears about its candidates are being spread by Conservative Central Office, which it claims has been trawling would-be UKIP councillors' Twitter and Facebook pages for months. "Were we inclined to return the favour, we would find even more examples to use against them. "We deem that using our candidates as cannon fodder to undermine a political campaign (is) morally reprehensible and downright dirty," said a spokesman. The party is investigating six candidates over links to the BNP and other far right groups or alleged racist and homophobic comments, following stories in national and local newspapers. "I am glad they have found some candidates in the BNP because we don't want them. We are quite pleased. We don't want these people in the party," a UKIP spokesman said. He said the row showed the Conservative Party was "rattled" by UKIP, which is hoping to make significant gains in Tory heartlands on Thursday, but added: "This isn't scrutiny, it's smear." Asked on the BBC's Andrew Marr show about UKIP's claims, Transport Secretary Patrick McLaughlin said all candidates had to be scrutinised, but added: "I don't know anything about a smear campaign." But his cabinet colleague, Ken Clarke, minister without portfolio, added fuel to the row in an interview with Sky News. He said: "They of course have not been able to vet their candidates. Fringe right parties do tend to collect a number of waifs and strays... "Some of them are saying quite different things now they are in politics than their actual views." Asked whether he agreed with David Cameron's 2006 claim that UKIP was made up of "fruitcakes and closet racists", Mr Clarke replied: "I have met people who satisfy both those descriptions in UKIP. "Indeed, some of the people who have assured me they are going to vote UKIP I would put in that category. I rather suspect they have never voted for me." Mr Clarke said he was sure that "most of the UKIP people are perfectly nice when they are having a drink". But he added: "The trouble with UKIP really is it is just a protest party. "It is against the political class, it is against foreigners, it is against immigrants. But it does not have any very positive policies. They do not know what they are for." He added: "The temptation to ordinary voters to UKIP is these are very difficult times, the political classes are regarded as having got us into a mess. "It is very tempting to vote for a collection of clowns or indignant, angry people, who promise that somehow they will allow us to take your revenge on people who caused it." Conservative backbencher Nadine Dorries criticised Mr Clarke's intervention, saying in a Twitter message: "I suppose Ken Clarke's strategy of being rude to and insulting Tories about to vote UKIP means we don't want them back for general election?" UKIP leader Nigel Farage echoed Ms Dorries' comments, saying: "It is obvious that Mr Clarke holds millions of people in this country in utter contempt. "UKIP are attracting supporters from all three main parties and, significantly those who have either not voted for over 10 years or have never voted before in their lives. "Instead of slagging them off maybe he should try to wrap his head around the idea that UKIP are appealing to people due to the failure of the bloated self-satisfied political machine of which he is such a typical member. "He obviously doesn't care and isn't at all interested in attracting those millions to vote for the Conservatives, well so be it. The way things are going they won't be doing so any time soon." Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said UKIP was a "very seductive" option for people who wanted to say "to hell with mainstream politics" but he urged voters to look at the party's policies. UKIP has also dismissed claims in The Observer that the party's policy-making process in chaos. The newspaper published leaked e-mails between party treasurer Stuart Wheeler and MEP Godfrey Bloom, in which Mr Bloom advises UKIP to adopt policies "off the shelf" from right-wing think tanks, because trying to reach agreement on where it stood on issues was like "herding cats". A UKIP spokesman said: "I am glad they are discussing policies. So they should be."
Fe gafodd corff Christine Solik, oedd yn 57 oed ac yn wreiddiol o Aberpennar, ei ddarganfod wedi'i glymu 50 milltir o'i chartref yn nhalaith Kwazulu-Natal. Yna ddydd Llun fe gafodd corff ei gŵr Roger, oedd yn 66 oed, ei ddarganfod gerllaw. Mae'r heddlu yn Ne Affrica yn credu bod y cwpwl wedi cael eu herwgipio o'u cartref yn ystod lladrad ddydd Gwener, 17 Chwefror. Fe wnaeth Mrs Solik ddychwelyd i Gymru fis diwethaf i fynd i angladd ei thad Glyn Savage. Mae pedwar plentyn y cwpwl wedi cyhoeddi datganiad yn annog pobl i roi cymorth wedi'r lladrad. Fe ddywed y datganiad: "Roedd ein rhieni yn anwahanadwy ac roedd eu perthynas yn ysbrydoliaeth. "Mae'n anodd deall sut y gallai rhywbeth mor dreisgar ddigwydd ar eu stâd fferm gymunedol, gyda bryniau naturiol hyfryd a chymdogion 100 metr i ffwrdd." Fe wnaeth y cwpwl, sydd hefyd â dau o wyrion, briodi yng Nghymru yn 1980 a symud i Dde Affrica y flwyddyn ganlynol. Yn wreiddiol fe wnaethon nhw ymfudo am ddwy flynedd, ond yna fe wnaethon nhw benderfynu aros yn Ne Affrica.
Egypt's President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi announced that Tiran and Sanafir would be transferred in April, during a visit by Saudi Arabia's King Salman. More than 150 people were jailed in connection with protests over the deal, though many were later acquitted or had their sentences reduced on appeal. The Egyptian government has said it will challenge Tuesday's ruling. Tiran and Sanafir are uninhabited and located at the mouth of the Gulf of Aqaba, a strategic part of the Red Sea bordered by Israel, Jordan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian troops have been stationed there since 1950 at Riyadh's request. Mr Sisi's decision in April to cede control of them to Saudi Arabia sparked widespread criticism. The president was accused of violating the constitution and "selling" the islands in return for a multi-billion dollar aid package unveiled by King Salman during his visit. But Mr Sisi insisted that Tiran and Sanafir had always belonged to Saudi Arabia. On Tuesday, Egypt's State Council, an administrative court, issued a verdict annulling April's maritime borders agreement between Cairo and Riyadh. The maritime border agreement signed earlier this year between Egypt and Saudi Arabia took many Egyptians by surprise. Since then, protesters have taken to the streets calling the arrangement unconstitutional, and accusing the government of giving away Egyptian territories in return for aid packages and investments worth billions of dollars from Saudi Arabia, a strong backer of President Sisi. Some of these protesters were arrested and charged with disrupting public order. A few are still behind bars. The lawsuit was filed by a number of prominent human rights lawyers, headed by a former presidential candidate, Khaled Ali. When the verdict was issued, many cheered inside the courtroom, chanting "the islands are Egyptian". But the legal battle has not come to an end yet, because the decision can be appealed. The verdict stated that the two islands would "remain under Egyptian sovereignty". If it is approved by the country's High Administrative Court it will become legally binding. However, the State Lawsuits Authority, which represents the Egyptian state in lawsuits, said on Tuesday evening that it would challenge the ruling, state television reported. Mr Sisi has cracked down on all dissent since leading the military's overthrow of President Mohammed Morsi in 2013. Since then, more than 1,000 people have been killed and 40,000 are believed to have been jailed, most of them supporters of Mr Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood.
Chief Inspector of Constabulary Sir Thomas Winsor said forces had mainly "done well" with 20% cuts in four years and more savings were likely. Sir Thomas said a "smaller service" would have to "work smarter". In December, the chief of the Met Police warned public safety would be at risk unless radical measures were taken to deal with funding cuts. But speaking on BBC Radio 4's The World This Weekend, newly knighted Sir Thomas said: "Austerity is here to stay. "The police have already made, and done it well in the main, cuts of 20% in the last four years and they are facing cuts of a further 5% next year. "There will inevitably be a time where they can't take any more but let us remember that measured crime has fallen dramatically - but so have the demands made on the police." Asked if there was room for further cuts, Sir Thomas said: "In some respects there are further efficiencies to be obtained, that is undoubtedly the case. "They [police forces] need to work smarter because they will be working smaller." Sir Thomas said forces had not done enough work to analyse new demands being made on them, particularly with regards to cyber crime. He also said that while any crime reported to the police had to be taken seriously, there were some crimes that were "more serious than others". "Nobody would argue that shoplifting is as serious as a violent assault and therefore the police need to look for the crimes that matter most to people, that do greatest harms to communities - serious and organised crime, drugs, violent offences, the grooming and sexual exploitation of children," he said. Last month, Metropolitan Police commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe said that unless police "act fast" and with "courage" to implement far-reaching reforms, the cuts would endanger public safety. He suggested police forces in England and Wales should merge and share resources with other emergency services. Sir Hugh Orde, the Association of Chief Police Officers' president, has also recently warned that police forces were struggling to deal with reductions in funding.
Scottish Borders Council will set up a working group to examine how it handled the procedure. It comes after more than 4,000 people signed a petition against the project, to which the council allocated Â£3.5m. Concerns have also been raised that its planning application was approved by a committee of just four members. Tweeddale councillor Keith Cockburn said the group will address "public disquiet" over the decision-making process. "We can definitely make sure that we can learn some things about the consultation," he said. "There's been many questions about how we looked at the alternative sites, how we looked at the feasibility of the business plan, etc. "A decision has been made so we have to recognise and respect that, but also look at what we can learn from it." A petition against basing the tapestry at Tweedbank was considered "very carefully" by councillors, council leader David Parker said at the time. However the petitions and deputations committee decided to take no further action. Councillor Jim Torrance said the working group was not needed as the subject had been fully debated twice at council. "It's been debated so much I don't see what any working group is going to find out from it that's going to be of any use," he added. The council's scrutiny committee voted to set up a tapestry working group at its next meeting.
Dead Sheep focuses on the events leading up to Howe's infamous 1990 resignation speech, in which he savaged his long-time boss and one-time political soulmate Margaret Thatcher. That speech - one of the first to be shown on television live from the House of Commons - was the beginning of Thatcher's downfall as prime minister. It was all the more remarkable because no one thought Howe had it in him to be Thatcher's political assassin. Least of all Thatcher herself. Howe had been at her side as her chancellor, foreign secretary and deputy prime minister since the very beginning of her reign in Downing Street. But he was often viewed as an ineffectual yes-man, and was someone she increasingly treated with impatience and disdain, in front of cabinet colleagues. The play's title comes from one of the most widely-quoted political put-downs of all time, when Labour's Dennis Healey described being attacked by Howe as like being "savaged by a dead sheep". Howe's frustration at Thatcher's increasingly strident anti-EU stance at a time when he was trying to negotiate Britain's membership of the European Exchange Rate mechanism, and his demotion to the "non-job" of deputy prime minister, was the trigger for his resignation. His resignation speech, given two weeks after he quit the cabinet, stunned the Commons into silence, as he compared himself to a cricketer who had been sent out to the crease, only to discover his bat had been smashed by the team's captain. But in an era packed with larger-than-life Conservative politicians such as Michael Heseltine, Alan Clark and Thatcher herself, the famously uncharismatic Howe is still not the obvious choice to place centre stage. "I just admire him so much because he really, really meant it. In all these films and plays I've seen he gets treated like a shifty-eyed buffoon and I was thinking 'No!,'" playwright Jonathan Maitland told BBC News after the play's opening night. "I've read his book umpteen times. He agonised over it and he really, really cared. "And it was a very difficult thing for him to do and he stood up and did the right thing for his country and his party and I just think that's incredibly heroic. He's just a hero. He's a political hero." Maitland is hoping Dead Sheep will strike a chord with fellow Howe fans. "A lot of people have nursed a secret admiration for him, because he's like Captain Mainwaring meets William Gladstone." The play focuses on Howe's relationship with the two formidable women in his life - Margaret Thatcher and his wife Elspeth. Maitland describes him as a "panda between two lionesses". "It's a personal drama. It's a love story. Two types of marriage - Geoffrey's and Elspeth's, and Geoffrey's and Margaret's. One's a traditional marriage, one's a political marriage." He admits to using a bit of dramatic licence when it comes to portraying Howe's wife, played by Jill Baker, in the Lady Macbeth mould - a key scene sees Elspeth, encouraging a hesitant Howe, played by James Wilby, to go for the jugular in his resignation speech. "The truth is she saw the speech the night before and she said 'are you sure you want to go that far?' "That's not very dramatic, so in the play, he's written a stinker, he feels bad about it, she turns him round and inspires him to write a better one." Elspeth did inspire the speech, insists Maitland, "not quite the way it appears in the play but I don't think anyone will accuse us of being dishonest." He admits it was a risk casting a man, Steve Nallon, as Thatcher. Nallon, who voiced Thatcher on Spitting Image, gives a pitch perfect reproduction of Thatcher's voice and mannerisms. "He gives it a kind of comic energy which it otherwise wouldn't have, if an ordinary actress was playing Thatcher," says Maitland. "He gives an incredible performance and it's a risk I'd take every day of the year." Maitland believes the play has a lot of contemporary relevance, particularly with the ongoing debate about Britain's relationship with Europe, but above all, he says:  "I wanted it to be a love letter to old style politics, where being rubbish on TV didn't matter. "And I think it tells us that's OK to stick to your guns and do something that's really unpopular and to fall on your sword. Because so many politicians these days wouldn't have the guts to do that." Maitland, a former BBC journalist, has spoken about the paucity of right wing drama on the British stage, but he tells me:  "I wouldn't want anyone to think this is a right wing play. "What it is, is not a left wing play. I just think it's healthy and desirable, as does Nicholas Hytner, the departing director of the National Theatre, to have plays that don't always come at it from the left." Dead Sheep, by the Cahoots Theatre Company, is at the Park Theatre, in Finsbury Park, until 9 May.
No advantage was being sought for Britain's 264 athletes in Rio, he said. Concerns have been raised that some Paralympic athletes are being deliberately mismatched. But Hollingsworth said: "We are here to win medals, but within both the letter and the spirit of the Paralympics." Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson, an 11-time Paralympic champion, has said the issue "goes to the heart of the integrity of the sport". The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says the system is always under review, while UK Athletics said it will review classifications after Rio. The Paralympics start on 7 September and run until 18 September. The classification system puts athletes into groups depending on the level of their impairment to try to ensure fair competition. But British T37 200m sprinter Bethany Woodward told the Sunday Times she was withdrawing from the ParalympicsGB squad for Rio and had lost faith in the way the team was selected. Woodward, 23, who has cerebral palsy, said: "I represented my country for a long time but if I can't compete like I used to compete, because they've brought in people who are not like me in terms of disability, what's the point?" UK Athletics has said that Woodward was not in consideration for selection because she had not met the necessary criteria. It has also been claimed some competitors try to manipulate their classification to compete against athletes with more severe impairments and therefore improve their chances of success. A recent IPC report found no clear evidence of "intentional misrepresentation" after analysing some 80 cases. Media playback is not supported on this device IPC head Sir Philip Craven has defended the classification system but told BBC Radio 4's Today programme it was "permanently being reviewed". "It is a developing system and a developing science," he said. Asked whether there was a "risk" some countries were too keen on winning medals, Craven said he would not "respond to that question", adding: "All countries are very keen on performing well and performing within the rules." Former Paralympic swimmer Natalie Jones said classifying athletes was a "really hard job", with more than 4,000 athletes to test worldwide. But Hollingsworth insisted: "We are very focused on getting the right athletes in the right class. We've got nobody going into the Games in our view who doesn't have the appropriate classification. "I dispute a view that what has been discussed over the last few days should lead to conclusion there is anything along those lines going on." Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson told BBC Radio 5 live: The reality is athletes will fall one side of the line or the other and that's what happens when you have these groupings. The old system used to be very disability specific. They're moving it to sports-specific so it's how your impairment affects you doing that sport. There's a system in place and athletes have to have faith and people watching have to have faith that the system is right. It doesn't mean it doesn't evolve and doesn't change and need to be looked at from time to time to check it's OK. We have to take it on trust that the athletes are in the right class.
The gaffe was picked up by a number of viewers, among them Sanjeev Bhaskar, who suggested the broadcaster had "misunderstood diversity issues". ITV News blamed the mistake on "an error in the production process". Sir Lenny said he was "very thankful" to receive a knighthood from the Queen for services to drama and charity. The Comic Relief co-founder has often spoken out on the subject of diversity in the media, a topic he was again asked to comment about on Friday. "We've made progress as far as on-screen representation is concerned," said the 57-year-old following the investiture ceremony at Windsor Castle. "But there's a lot of work to be done in the furthering of diversity behind the camera." "ITV News apologises for the error broadcast in the lunchtime news package today regarding Sir Lenny Henry's knighthood at the palace," said an ITV News spokesperson. "This was the result of an error in the production process in a piece intended to celebrate Sir Lenny's significant achievements in British entertainment." BBC News has contacted Ainsley Harriott for comment.
The Magpies held crisis talks with manager John Carver earlier this week after losing their last eight league matches - their worst run since 1977. They are now two points above the relegation zone with three games left. "On behalf of the squad we would like to apologise for the moment we are going through," wrote Coloccini. "Players and staff have come together in order to leave all past problems aside and to focus 100% on the three 'cup finals' that we have left. "I would like to make a call to all fans today to also leave aside all differences, all different opinions, anything that divides us as people who love this club." Newcastle host West Brom on Saturday before travelling to QPR on 16 May and then hosting West Ham on 24 May. "The time we have left to turn around this situation is short but after the end of the season we will try to learn from the mistakes we made so that we don't have to go through this again," added Coloccini. "This is as painful for us as it is for you, because when this team comes onto the pitch we do so with the intention of winning and to defend not just the colours of this club, not just our shirt, but also to represent thousands of fans, the whole city." Carver's position came under fresh scrutiny after he accused defender Mike Williamson of deliberately getting himself sent off in Saturday's 3-0 defeat by fellow strugglers Leicester City. However, the club issued a statement insisting he was staying. BBC Sport understands Derby County boss Steve McClaren was asked to take over for the final three games but turned the job down.
In the 1960s and 70s, the spirits of scores of convicted Japanese war criminals were "enshrined" there. The most controversial were the 14 "Class A" war criminals, including wartime leader Hideki Tojo, who were "enshrined" in the late 1970s. These men were the ones who ordered and oversaw Japan's brutal war in China and South East Asia. Yasukuni Shrine It was a war in which millions died, in which there were widespread massacres of civilians, in which rape was routinely used as a weapon and where Japan used chemical and biological warfare against civilians. So if the shrine is so offensive to China and South Korea why did Mr Abe go? Firstly, because he wanted to. Close observers of the Japanese prime minister say he is at heart a nationalist and a historical revisionist. He believes the trials that convicted Japan's wartime leaders were "victors' justice". His own grandfather Nobusuke Kishi served in the war cabinet and was arrested by the Americans on suspicion of being a Class A war criminal. He was later released without charge. But the stain of association with Japan's war crimes in China never completely went away. Secondly, Mr Abe's support base comes from the right wing of the Liberal Democratic Party. According to Professor Jeff Kingston of Temple University in Tokyo, Mr Abe is "showing he is a tough guy", that he is not afraid of China. It is something that plays very well to his base. But there is perhaps a bigger goal that Mr Abe has in mind. He wants to radically revise Japan's post-war constitution. This, too, is a long-held dream that started with his grandfather in the 1950s. Mr Abe believes he is the man to complete the historic task of getting rid of the hated "peace constitution". Like many on the right here, Mr Abe believes that constitution was forced on Japan by America and is a humiliation. It imposes not only pacifism, but also Western notions of human rights and civil liberties. It rejects Japan's uniqueness in favour of "universal values". Mr Abe would like to change a lot of this. But it will be very hard. And so he will need some help. "Abe has provoked China, and China has reacted just as Abe wanted it to," says Prof Kingston. "There is a shrewd political calculus at work here." What he means is that having an external threat in the shape of big and frightening China may be just what Mr Abe wants to help push through his controversial nationalist agenda at home.
As a result, people should be cautious about using them to judge what to eat, Stanford University scientists said. The study recommended that companies release data showing how their devices work out measurements. The accuracy of seven wrist devices were tested while 60 volunteers were asked to walk, run and cycle. Researchers found that six out of seven of the fitness devices were good at estimating the heart rate of the person wearing it, with an error rate under 5%. They were the Apple Watch, Fitbit Surge, Basis Peak, Microsoft Band, PulseOn and MIP Alpha 2 - but the Samsung Gear S2 had the highest error rate of 6.8%. However, when it came to keeping track of energy used during exercise, the five devices that performed this function were all a long way out. Not one of the devices had an error rate below 20% - and some, such as the PulseOn, were much more inaccurate, the US research team found. Dr Euan Ashley, co-author of the study from the department of cardiovascular medicine at Stanford University, said the public should be aware of the strengths and limitations of fitness devices worn on the wrist. "People need to know that on energy expenditure they give rough estimates. "If you go to the gym, and you think you've lost 400 calories, then you might feel you've got 400 calories to play with," he said. That could be an issue if people were basing their diet on what they thought they had burnt off, he said. Technology for measuring heart rate had moved on quickly over the past five or six years, but on energy expenditure "it's not quite there yet", he added. It may be that companies are not using heart rates in their calculations. There is also a very wide difference in calories burnt between one person and another. For example, 10,000 steps could equate to anything from 400 kilocalories to 800 kilocalories lost, depending on a person's height and weight alone, the study said. Dr David Ellis, lecturer in computation social science at Lancaster University, said working out the number of calories burnt was a tricky business and relied on many different factors such as height, weight, percentage of body fat, heart rate and more. "However, because manufactures do not share the algorithms [which are constantly updated] used to determine calories burned, it is almost impossible to know the exact source of error at this stage," he said. Fitness trackers can have a very positive effect on people's activity levels, so complete 100% accuracy may not be vital if the devices are encouraging more exercise. But recent trials have suggested that wearing them doesn't always result in a positive outcome, or improve the chances of losing weight. The researchers urged companies to be more transparent and publish the results of their own accuracy tests. They said this would ensure the public and clinicians were aware of the devices' limitations. The Stanford team has set up their own website to share this kind of data with others.
Jason Nelson, 32, admits killing Jordan Maguire, 20, at his Luton home, in a "spree of violence" on 26 May 2013 but claims it was done in self-defence. The former resident of Marsh Farm Estate in Luton has pleaded not guilty to murder, rape and sexual assault. A man who saw Mr Maguire stabbed three times said the accused "showed no regrets or remorse" afterwards. Luton Crown Court heard the attacks happened at Mr Maguire's home in Thrales Close between 18:00 and 20:15. The prosecution allege Mr Nelson was in the middle of a spree of violence, having sexually assaulted a 25-year-old woman in the stairway of some flats and then a 60-year-old woman in her flat. Witness Dennis Kamau said he and his girlfriend were looking to buy some cannabis when he came across Mr Nelson near the Nisa store on the estate. He took the pair to Mr Maguire's home where the men entered the house while the woman stayed outside. After the pair agreed to share a deal, they went to the kitchen where Mr Maguire removed a tin from a kitchen cabinet. Mr Kamau said: "The next thing I saw was a knife rise above and attack Jordan. "I saw the knife go into Jordan. Jordan acted all shocked. He stabbed him a second time." Mr Kamau told the jury the victim was then stabbed in the back by Mr Nelson who said "You little pussy" before putting the knife away and riding off on his bike. "I was scared, terrified and shocked," said Mr Kamau. Asked how the accused appeared, he said: "He showed no regrets or remorse." A stab wound to the chest had punctured Mr Maguire's aorta and he was fatally injured. The jury earlier heard Mr Nelson stayed for two weeks with a girlfriend in Ipswich before flying to his native Grenada and was later arrested in Trinidad.
Baker made his name as the robot in the first Star Wars film in 1977 alongside Anthony Daniels' C-3PO character. Lucas said Baker was "a real gentleman" and Hamill, who plays Luke Skywalker, said he had lost "a lifelong friend". Born in Birmingham, Baker's other films include Time Bandits and Flash Gordon. Star Wars R2-D2 actor Kenny Baker dies Preston pays tribute to R2-D2 actor Lucas said: "Kenny Baker was a real gentleman as well as an incredible trooper who always worked hard under difficult circumstances. "A talented vaudevillian who could always make everybody laugh, Kenny was truly the heart and soul of R2-D2 and will be missed by all his fans and everyone who knew him." Writing on Twitter, Hamill said: "Goodbye #KennyBaker A lifelong loyal friend-I loved his optimism & determination He WAS the droid I was looking for!" Anthony Daniels, who played C-3PO, added his voice to the tributes, tweeting: "Sad to hear of Kenny's passing. One of the truly original cast, so famed for his iconic role as R2. He'll always be remembered by so many fans." C-3PO may have once described him as a "nearsighted scrap pile" and an "overweight glob of grease", but he like film fans all over the world has always had a huge degree affection for R2-D2. Artoo's appearance may have been likened by some to that of an industrial vacuum cleaner, but Kenny Baker worked hard to make sure he managed to convey the right emotions at key moments. Kenny used an array of movements ranging from subtly shuffling himself forward to rocking from side to side to give the robot personality. Together with the Ben Burtt-designed whistles and beeps that are Artoo's voice, it made the droid as real a character as any other in the saga - human or alien. We were all also able to relate to Artoo; here was a character who bickered with his friend C-3PO, occasionally manipulated those around him and displayed his courage when necessary. We may never have been able to understand exactly what the astromech droid was saying, but we always seemed to know what he was thinking, thanks to the way Kenny Baker was able to humanise him. Game of Thrones star Gwendoline Christie, who plays Captain Phasma in Star Wars: The Force Awakens and the upcoming Star Wars: Episode VIII, tweeted: "Rest in peace Kenny Baker. It was a pleasure to meet you & thank you for all the joy you brought us." Chris Weitz, one of the screenwriters for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, which is due out this December, wrote the touching tribute: "RIP Kenny Baker. You made my childhood better, " while Greg Grunberg, who played Snap Wexley in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, simply added: "RIP 'Star Wars' Kenny Baker. So sad." Ant Man writer and Shaun of the Dead director Edgar Wright paid tribute by tweeting: "RIP R2D2. Farewell Fidget, Time Bandit. Goodbye Mister Kenny Baker." Game of Thrones star Daniel Portman, who plays squire Podrick Payne, added: "Met Kenny Baker multiple times, a real character and a man who will live on forever as one of Cinema's great characters. Rest in Peace. X" Star Wars set decorator Roger Christian, who created the first R2-D2, told BBC Radio 5 live about how Baker was very nearly not in the film. The 3ft 8in (1.12m) actor was in a joint theatrical act called the Mini Tones with friend Jack Purvis, and the duo had just made the final of talent show Opportunity Knocks, so Baker left the Star Wars team. "There was minor panic because there wasn't anybody else who could make the scale right and if we didn't have R2-D2 George didn't have a film, Star Wars wouldn't have been made," Mr Christian said. Baker returned after the team agreed to employ Purvis as well. Of the R2-D2 costume, Mr Christian said: "Kenny was always complaining because it was difficult, it was so tight in there, we had to put rubber round him, foam rubber, and he couldn't move it, he could kind of shake it a bit, but that was about it... "I found a fighter pilot's harness and we fitted that inside R2-D2 so Kenny could wear R2-D2 like a rucksack. "And he actually stumbled forward about three steps and crashed over - we could hear him inside saying 'let me out!' But that was it." He added: "He would endure it for hours and hours he was a good sportâ€¦ he would make jokes all the time." Baker's nephew, Drew Myerscough, said he had cared for Baker for "eight or nine years" after he developed respiratory problems. He said his uncle, who lived in Preston, had a passion for wildlife documentaries and had "a liking for lasagne". "He was just a normal, down-to-earth, regular guy that enjoyed life," he told the BBC, adding they "rarely" discussed Star Wars, adding: "His fans worldwide kept him going and he loved nothing more than going to conventions and meeting everybody - it really gave him that extra lease of life." Other tributes came from Ewan McGregor, who played Obi-Wan Kenobi in the three Star Wars prequels, who tweeted: "So sorry to hear about this. It was lovely working with Kenny." Actor Daniel Logan, who played Boba Fett in 2002's Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones, added: "So sad to hear one of my dearest friends passed away. Rest in peace Kenny Baker. Love you. Will miss you!" David Prowse, who played Darth Vader in the original Star Wars trilogy, tweeted: "Very sorry to hear about Kenny. He was a great personal friend that I thoroughly enjoyed working with. #KennyBaker" Actor Warwick Davis, who played characters in three Star Wars films, tweeted: "#RIP #KennyBaker. Sad to say goodbye to a small man with a huge heart & personality. He paved the way for short actors of a generation. x" Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy said: "There is no Star Wars without R2-D2, and Kenny defined who R2-D2 was and is." Mexican film director Guillermo del Toro, who directed Hellboy and Pan's Labyrinth, simply tweeted: "R.I.P Kenny Baker," while Clerks director Kevin Smith said: "Rest in Peace @starwars legend #KennyBaker - whose name I learned at age 7 because he brought #R2D2 to life. Feels like losing family..." The studio behind the original Star Wars films, 20th Century Fox, posted a still of R2-D2 and C-3PO and said: "Rest in peace, Kenny Baker, the heart and soul of R2-D2." Actress Morgan Fairchild, who appeared in the 1987 film Sleeping Beauty with Baker, tweeted: "Hate to hear this -lovely man-lovely soul." After starring in the original Star Wars, Baker he went on to appear in the sequels, The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi, and the three prequels between 1999 and 2005. He was a consultant on last year's Star Wars: The Force Awakens but British actor Jimmy Vee was already lined up to take on the role of R2-D2 in the next film, due for release in 2017. Baker was a father of two, and his wife Eileen died in 1993.
The first bird emerged at the Cors Dyfi reserve near Machynlleth on Friday, followed by a second on Sunday. The eggs were laid six weeks later than usual leading to concerns over whether the chicks would hatch. Parents Monty and Glesni set up home on a 30ft (9m) tall man-made nest on 3 May. They are one of only two known breeding pairs in Wales, with a second pair nesting near Croesor in the Glaslyn Valley. Staff and volunteers at the Cors Dyfi nature reserve had an anxious wait for the chicks who took 32 hours to emerge from their shells. Cracks in the first egg were spotted on Friday afternoon, with the bird finally hatching at about 21:00 BST. The second chick started chipping away from inside its egg on Saturday afternoon but did not hatch until 20:40 BST on Sunday. Monty and Glesni became a breeding pair for the first time this year after Monty's previous partner of two years, Nora, did not return from her African migration. Ospreys return from migration in late March or April and usually lay eggs two or three weeks later. But Monty and Glesni did not pair until 3 May and their two eggs were laid between 22 and 25 May - six weeks later than average. Alwyn Evans, of Montgomeryshire Wildlife Trust, said: "By the time Monty finally paired off with his new partner, Glesni, a three-year-old bird from Rutland Water, it was getting late in the season. "At that stage none of us knew if they would lay eggs, let alone whether they would hatch. "It's been an emotional weekend to say the least." Mr Evans said cracks in the second egg on Saturday were greeted with loud applause and shouting from visitors at the wildlife trust's osprey centre who had gathered to watch the birds hatch. Last month the wildlife trust said ospreys were still persecuted and egg collecting remained a problem in the UK. To protect the Powys eggs, more than 50 trust volunteers have worked 1,300 hours to ensure the nest has been watched 24 hours a day during the six-week incubation period. The first osprey chick in the Dyfi valley for 400 years hatched in 2011. Once prolific birds of prey in the UK, their numbers were drastically reduced in the 1840s after years of persecution, including egg collecting, hunting, taxidermy and loss of habitat. The Dyfi Osprey Project has been popular with tourists, with an average of about 30,000 people visiting the nesting site annually.
Falcons twice led through Vereniki Goneva and Rob Vickers tries, with James Short and Harry Williams replying to level before a Simmonds penalty put Chiefs 17-14 up at the break. Simmonds landed his fourth kick to convert a second-half penalty try. A Sam Skinner score and a second Short effort ensured the bonus-point victory. The win lifts them to within a point of leaders Wasps, who face Gloucester on Sunday. For 20-year-old fly-half Simmonds, it was the perfect day with the boot as he replaced injured veteran Gareth Steenson in a side that was missing a number of players - including England's Jack Nowell and Henry Slade - due to Six Nations duties. Newcastle, who a week earlier earned an impressive 46-31 win over Northampton at Kingston Park, made a strong start with Goneva crossing for a superb try, which started with a bustling run from Calum Green. Short, who would finish the day by touching down for the fifth time in two games, restored parity for the first time with a 90-metre effort, which came from an error as Newcastle closed in on a second try. While Exeter were made to work hard for their first-half lead after Vickers again edged Falcons ahead, the hosts were more ruthless after the break and heavily restricted Newcastle, who are still without a win at Sandy Park. Exeter Chiefs assistant coach Ali Hepher: "Newcastle are a good side and in good form and came here with a good deal of confidence but we started poorly, especially in defence. "We were hesitant in that first half particularly when we had ball in hand as we needed to run hard instead of trying the clever ball. "There was plenty to address at half-time but our defence was outstanding in that second half and to earn a bonus point was invaluable. "Moving one point into second and above Saracens at this stage is not important as the top four places are really tight but we are hoping to remain there and to secure a top two finish would be really nice." Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards: "I'm disappointed as we started really well but we weren't accurate enough and this allowed them back into the game. "We should have been further in front but we didn't take our chances and too many kicks went straight into touch. "They are very good side, who are incredibly patient, as they wait for a chink in your defence before striking." Exeter: Dollman; Woodburn, Whitten, Devoto, Short; Simmonds, Maunder; Moon, Yeandle (capt), Williams, Lees, Parling, Horstmann, Armand, Waldrom. Replacements: Malton, Rimmer, Low, Skinner, Atkins, Townsend, Hooley, Hill. Newcastle: Tait; Goneva, C Harris, Waldouck, Sinoti; Hodgson, Takulua; Vickers, Cooper, Wilson, Green, Olmstead, M Wilson, Welch (capt), Latu. Replacements: Sowrey, B Harris, D Wilson, Young, Chick, Egerton, Delany, Burdon. For the latest rugby union news follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter.
In mathematical terms it means that he has ridden more winners than any other jockey this season. In the context of horse racing, and sport in general, it is a triumph of commitment and perseverance which may never be rivalled. Johnson has been trying to win it since the 1990s. It is his curse, and his blessing, that his career coincided with Sir Anthony (AP) McCoy. For 20 years in succession McCoy was champion. Throughout that time, almost every year, the man who finished behind him in second place was Richard Johnson. I met up with Richard Johnson in Somerset at the yard of trainer Philip Hobbs - their relationship has been an important part of the jockey's career. At 7.30 on an April morning Johnson was helping to school a group of the yard's horses, taking them over hurdles and fences on a field high above the Bristol Channel. In racing this might be termed 'work' but for Johnson, even at 38 years of age, he insists it is still pleasure. "This is all I've ever wanted to do so it's not a job. Unfortunately I'm going to have to get a job one day when I have to stop doing it, but genuinely you love doing it. I think the 'job' is the driving round, the long days, but riding the horses is the fun bit," he said. Media playback is not supported on this device "But for me being champion jockey was the thing I've always wanted to do since I was a child growing up. So I suppose actually to reach that goal is always what I wanted to do and there's a lot of satisfaction. "When AP McCoy retired at the end of last year I sort of thought, well I should be able to have a good chance at it. But there was a pressure. If I don't become champion jockey now maybe I'll not achieve what I wanted to. But the season's been absolutely amazing. My agent Dave Roberts works tirelessly to keep me busy and sends me round the country on a daily basis to hopefully achieve what I have." Roberts was McCoy's agent too and in simple terms Johnson has picked up rides this year which may have previously gone to McCoy. It's helped him dominate the Jockeys' Championship. In the history of jump racing McCoy is the only man to have ridden more than 4,000 winners. But only one other jockey has gone past 3,000 winners, and that's Johnson. When McCoy was riding in his first championship winning season in 1995, Johnson was in his first year as a conditional, or apprentice, jockey. For two decades they were in each other's company on almost a daily basis. The relationship was simultaneously bitter rivalry and deep appreciation. Johnson said: "I used to tell him regularly, you'd get to Christmas, I'd say to AP, 'just go on holiday for a couple of months, give me a bit more of a chance!' With our sport you can win the Gold Cup or the Grand National one day and unfortunately half an hour later you can be sat on your bum nursing an injury. You never know what's going to happen. "We work with each other on a daily basis so after the race you're concerned that everyone came back in one piece and you can all have another go in half an hours' time." "I'm sure in my twenties I got very frustrated with AP, I felt however hard I tried or however great a week I had he'd always have a better one. I'm sure I got frustrated, not really with him but just that it didn't seem to matter how hard I tried. I didn't seem to be able to bridge the gap. "But as you get older you become a little more realistic and you know you've just got to give 100% and hopefully you'll get your chance. This year it's a shame AP isn't still riding because it would be great to beat him but it doesn't take the shine off it for me, for me this is always what I've wanted to do." There is a new trophy for this year's champion jockey. The trophy was fashioned by Asprey's jewellers but the design was selected by McCoy. Furthermore, the man who placed it in Johnson's hands was none other than McCoy himself. "I couldn't be happier about who I'm presenting it to," said the retired champion. "He is someone who made me achieve what I achieved for so long and I think it's thoroughly deserved for his great work and his hard work and dedication for the last 20 odd years. I think it shows perseverance can always come good in the end." The experience of competing for so long against McCoy has shaped Johnson's approach to the sport. He feels the presence of his great rival even though he's retired. "We were both probably greedy and wanted as many winners as each other and I think we probably pushed each other to do the best we could," added Johnson. "I think even though he's retired, in my mind I'm still convinced I've got to give it everything every day of the week to make sure you get what you're looking for." Even though jump racing is split into seasons it is basically never-ending. The new campaign starts the week after the old one ends and there's the Punchestown Festival in Ireland between. Johnson anticipates a grand total of two days off. But there is, he claims, no prospect of his enthusiasm wavering. Just the opposite in fact. "I'm lucky in the fact that I'm probably a little bit smaller than AP was, I don't struggle quite as much with my weight so that's definitely a bonus for me and I'm a few years younger. I'm loving doing what I'm doing," he said. "This is where I've always wanted to be so I'm not going to suddenly decide to give up now. The support I've had obviously off Philip Hobbs and his owners has been fantastic. But, again, there's been lots of other trainers I ride for, there's too many trainers to even mention. "I'm not sure if people just feel sorry for the old man, but look, going to every race meeting whether it's a Monday at Catterick or Plumpton or Cheltenham or Aintree, the support I've had from everyone in racing, but also the general public, has just been fantastic. I must admit I'm slightly overwhelmed by the whole thing. I can't get over the support and it's given me the best year of my life." Jockeys often speak of the all-consuming nature of their sport, the excitement and engagement of racing which is irreplaceable. With that in mind I ask Johnson, with a smile, if he thinks there is a chance that McCoy might make a comeback. He answers with humour, typically, intact. "I hope not. He was looking quite healthy at the Grand National meeting so I'm hoping he's put too much weight on now and he'll stay where he is."
The bill regulates agreements between occupiers and site owners over the termination of contracts and the sale of caravans. It also brings the definition of a caravan into line with the rest of the UK. The Private Members Bill was sponsored by UUP MLA, John McAllister. It is the first since 1948 to have gone through all the stages of the Assembly to become law and is likely to take effect from the Autumn. Mr McAllister was congratulated by politicians from other parties including the DUP MLA, Jim Wells, who said he welcomed the legislation. Fabulous "It will hopefully stop the situation that saw some people signing away their rights to how they insure, sell and maintain their caravans." More than 14,000 static holiday caravan owners will also have increased protection including the right to a written contract and to have a greater say in how their caravan site is run. Jack Moore, who lives in a mobile home in Ballyhalbert in County Down, had been campaigning for the change since 2008. "It's absolutely fabulous it had gone through, it brings us into line with legislation in England and Wales," he said. "We were way behind, the park homes in England have been in use for over 50 years, whereas the park homes here are in their infancy." Social Development Minister, Alex Attwood, said: "For years, some caravan owners have been forced, at the drop of a hat, to accept changes made by site owners. "Many have faced raised fees, moved caravans and even eviction from sites, without much protection," he said. "This bill will make a real difference to those people, by clearly setting out in law the obligations for site owners and holiday caravan owners." "I'd like to pay tribute to John McCallister, the Bill's sponsor, for his considerable efforts in completing the bill which will make a real difference to the lives of static caravan owners, in both the residential and holiday sectors."
It was back in 2008, and the young Indian woman was in Paris studying to be a pastry chef. When her college friends realised that she had never tasted a macaron - a small, colourful circular cake made from ground almonds and filled with cream or icing - they whisked her to one of the best macaron shops in the French capital. After just one bite, Ms Dhingra decided there and then that when she returned to Mumbai she would open her own macaron store, the first of its kind in India. "This might sound dramatic, but I realised that yes, this is what I want to do, I want to go back to India and take macarons with me. This was my mission," she says. Fast forward seven years, and Ms Dhingra, now 28, is the owner of three busy macaron shops in Mumbai. Another three stores will open in the city this year, and she has plans to expand her business, Le 15 Patisserie, across the country. Yet as a young businesswoman in India, she says it hasn't always been plain sailing. Ms Dhingra should have been a lawyer. But while studying law at university in Mumbai, she decided that she wanted to quit to do something more creative. Remembering helping her mother in the kitchen during her childhood, she decided to work with food instead of legal cases. So she convinced her parents to let her go to Switzerland to study hospitality and management. After three years at a Swiss catering college, Ms Dhingra did one year at the well-known Le Cordon Bleu school in Paris. Returning to Mumbai upon graduation, she set to work in her parents' kitchen on developing her own macaron recipe. Yet with the weather in Mumbai being substantially hotter and more humid than Paris, she struggled for half a year, as the heat and humidity makes it difficult to make the delicate cakes. "When I started making macarons, first at my home kitchen, it was a complete disaster," she says. "It took me around six months of research and 60 failed recipes to finally get something right." When she finally had a recipe she was proud of, her businessman father agreed to invest the initial funds she required to set up the business. Yet being both young and female meant she faced additional challenges. "The biggest problem was to get people to take you seriously," she says. "For example, if I had to sign a lease for a place, or buy machinery, I would have to ask my father to make these calls for me." Ms Dhingra also found it difficult to deal with Indian red tape. "My education in Switzerland, and working in hotels there, gave me a good idea of what working in hospitality would be like, but dealing with the bureaucracy is extremely difficult when starting a business in India." The Boss is a series profiling entrepreneurs from around the world. However, she eventually secured the premises for a small commercial kitchen in 2010, and began hiring and training staff. The first shop soon followed. She named the business Le 15 Patisserie after the 15th arrondissement or area of Paris, where she lived during her time in the French capital. To start to build up sales in a city where very few people knew what a macaron was, let alone have tried one, Ms Dhingra concentrated on giving away free samples. The cakes were immediately popular, and sales soon took off thanks to positive word of mouth. Ms Dhingra also started running classes on how to make macarons and other cakes, which gave the business a further promotional boost. She has also since released a cookery book, which has been a best-seller in India. One newspaper article called her "the macaron queen of India". As she plans the expansion of her business, Ms Dhingra is keen to stress that she has had no additional money from her parents since her father's initial investment. The world is getting wealthier - but with the gap between rich and poor feeling bigger than ever, who are the winners and losers of this richer world in 2015? A Richer World 2015 Listen to the reports and documentaries Instead, she says she has grown the business by reinvesting profits, and taking out bank loans. The shops now sell both macarons and other types of cakes, and the business employs 40 people in total. After seeing her success, a number of other people have now set up rival macaron shops in Mumbai, but Ms Dhingra says she doesn't mind the competition. "People can only copy what you have done, no-one can copy your ideas and vision. So I like it [the competition], it keeps me on my feet, and we always push our boundaries so that we can always stay a step ahead." She urges other young women, both in India and overseas, to also start their own companies. "Once you are passionate about what you want to do you will achieve it," she says. "The hours will be long and challenges will appear, but if you are passionate enough you will succeed."
Morgan King, a single mother, had apologised to her professor for being absent due to childcare problems. The University of Tennessee professor emailed to say she could bring her daughter, Korbyn, to lessons and she would be "delighted" to hold her. Ms King said the warm words made her cry. In an interviewed with US news channel WBIR-TV, she said: "I just didn't know what else to do. I emailed my professor after class and was apologising for missing class that day." Professor Sally Hunter, from Knoxville, then wrote back with her "very serious" offer of help. "Let me know if there are any other ways I could be supporting you," she said, before signing off. Ms King shared the email on Twitter and it was shared thousands of times. On Wednesday, the university's chancellor, Beverly Davenport, responded: "Morgan, thanks for showing us challenges college students face. Prof Hunter, thanks for being part of the solution." Ms King said her professor, who teaches in the Department of Child and Family Studies, is not on Twitter and is nonplussed by the reaction. "She just doesn't think she did anything special, which speaks about the kind of person she is," Ms King told WBIR-TV. The student said she has not needed to take her up on the offer yet. When she graduates she hopes to become a recreational therapist, working with children with disabilities. "I have to get my degree for Korbyn, not just for me. It means a lot that people are really supportive," Ms King said.
Media playback is not supported on this device A German television documentary claimed to present evidence of systematic doping and corruption in Russian sport. IAAF chief Lamine Diack told BBC Sport athletics is "in crisis" but said "90% to 95%" of athletes are clean. Meadows, 33, was beaten to European gold by a Russian drug cheat in 2011. German television station WDR broadcast three documentaries alleging that 99% of Russian athletes are doping and that IAAF officials were implicated in covering it up. The claims have been rejected as a "pack of lies" by the Russian Athletics Federation and Diack told BBC Sport that the figure was "a joke" and "ridiculous". Meadows, from Wigan, said: "If it is as widespread as those allegations do deem, I just think it would just kill our sport. "Sponsors may walk away from the sport and fans may walk away from the sport. We may never get a 100% accuracy of the scale of doping. "I really hope it isn't true to that scale but I do think doping is widespread in athletics." In 2011 Meadows finished second in the 800m to Yevgeniya Zinurova in the European Indoor Championships, only to be upgraded to gold the following year when the Russian was banned for two years for doping. Meadows added: "It might be the case that we have to prove how many people are doping, destroy the image of the sport and then rebuild it again and look for positive role models who can succeed and win medals on the international stage who are clean athletes." The BBC has not independently verified the documentary's allegations and is awaiting responses from athletes targeted in the programme.
Rising energy prices pushed inflation to 1.8% in January, a near four-year high and up from 1.1% in December. Eurostat data also showed the jobless rate fell to 9.6% in December, the lowest rate since May 2009. GDP growth edged up to 0.5% in the final three months of 2016, up from 0.4% in the previous quarter. The rise in eurozone inflation last month was driven by an 8.1% jump in energy prices in January compared with the year before. The spike in the rate takes it up to the European Central Bank's inflation target of close to, but below, 2%. Some have called for the European Central Bank to further scale back its bond-buying programme. However, the ECB also looks at core inflation, which excludes energy and unprocessed food prices, in its policy decisions, and this rate remained unchanged at 0.9% in January. In December, the ECB said it would buy bonds worth 60bn euros a month from April. The 80bn euro-a-month quantitative easing scheme had been due to end in March, but was expected to be extended. The stimulus programme was an effort to increase the supply of money in the economic bloc to keep interest rates low, and encourage borrowing and spending. The European Central Bank's key job is to maintain "price stability" in the Eurozone, which it interprets as inflation of below but close to 2%. For the last few years it has been wrestling with inflation that its governing council considers too low, at times even below zero - a situation of deflation or falling prices. That has led the bank to choose very unusual policies intended to stimulate prices rises - ultra-low interest rates (one of its rates is negative) and quantitative easing, buying financial assets with newly created money. So with inflation now at 1.8%, pretty much in line with the target, is that job done? Time to turn the policy taps off? Not necessarily. The rise in inflation is down to higher food and especially energy prices. The impact of those factors is likely to fade and other price rises are still relatively slow. There are different views in the ECB's governing council but the majority are not likely to be in a hurry to get policy back to normal. The eurozone's unemployment rate of 9.6% in December was down from 9.7% in November and  compares with a rate of 10.5% a year earlier. The countries with the lowest unemployment rates in December were the Czech Republic (3.5%) and Germany (3.9%), while countries with the highest levels of unemployment were Greece (23.0% in October 2016) and Spain (18.4%). Despite the pick-up in economic growth during the final quarter of 2016, across the year as a whole eurozone GDP rose by 1.7%, which was down from 2% in 2015. Analysts also questioned whether the recent improvement could be sustained. "While recent economic news points to improved growth, we suspect the eurozone may find it difficult to sustain this momentum amid appreciable political uncertainties during 2017 and likely reduced consumer purchasing power due to higher inflation," said Howard Archer, chief UK and European economist at IHS Global Insight. "Consequently, we suspect that eurozone GDP growth in 2017 will be no more than 1.6%. We also see growth at 1.6% in 2018."
Peter Lloyd, 45, lives in a tent in the garden of an "uninhabitable" house, Cardiff Civil Justice Centre heard. Mr Lloyd, who has electromagnetic hypersensitivity, said he was entitled to direct payments to employ a helper. The council, which was ordered to pay Â£12,000 in costs, had claimed he was not capable of managing money. Quashing the council's decision on Wednesday, Mr Justice Singh said electromagnetic hypersensitivity was not a recognised condition in the UK. He added it was "not a matter for the court to say what the decision would have been if the authority went about its decision correctly". Direct payments are given to individuals by councils so they can buy help or services instead of having them supplied by the authority. Mr Lloyd lives in the back garden of a privately-owned home in Thornhill and has refused alternative accommodation and a portable toilet, the court heard. He urinates in plastic bottles and defecates in bed pans lined with black bin bags. He has no running water and an insurance company deemed the house uninhabitable after flooding and the discovery of asbestos - although that has since been removed. When council workers went to collect Mr Lloyd's waste in May, they found 90 litres of urine and 40 bags of faeces. He has meals delivered five times a week, including supplies for the weekend on a Friday. As he has no fridge, he has to have food which will not go off. Representing Mr Lloyd, Christian Howells said: "Where he lives has to be adapted because the symptoms are very real to him." He described the situation as "chicken and egg" - Mr Lloyd wants the money to pay for help to improve his day-to-day life but the council felt he was not in a position to be given the funds. Rebecca Stickler, for the council, said: "The housing department has offered housing in a field and various properties and he has refused them all. "It can't possibly be the case that a local authority should be compelled to use the public purse to pay money to someone who they know cannot manage that payment." Mr Lloyd's private landlord has begun eviction proceedings in county court, he is estranged from his family and the council recognises him as homeless. Speaking after the hearing, councillor Susan Elsmore, cabinet member for social care, health and wellbeing, insisted the council had never said Mr Lloyd was not capable of managing money. "The council's role as a social services authority is to ensure that individuals have the opportunity to benefit from an appropriate assessment of their needs, and any services that may be necessary to meet them," she said. "The council maintains that it has acted in keeping with its responsibilities, and in relation to this case that it has acted in good faith."
Media playback is not supported on this device Ainslie, 35, admits it would have been "difficult to top" the feeling of winning at his home Olympics and is keen to move on with new challenges. "It was a tough decision," Ainslie told BBC Sport. "I've had a fantastic Olympic career but I want to make it clear that the focus is now on the Americas Cup." Ainslie won a silver medal at Atlanta 1996, with golds in Sydney, Athens, Beijing and London. He has won more medals than any other sailor, ahead of Denmark's Paul Elvstrom, who has four golds. He is fourth in Britain's all-time individual medallist's list, behind Sir Chris Hoy (cycling; six gold, one silver), Sir Steve Redgrave (rowing; five gold, one bronze) and Bradley Wiggins (cycling; four gold, one silver, two bronze). Media playback is not supported on this device Ainslie added: "I considered all of the factors - my fitness and the issues with my back, the venue for the next Olympics and the type of boats, but what it really came down to was this opportunity with the Americas Cup." The sailor envisages skippering his Ben Ainslie Racing AC45 catamaran to glory in the historic competition will be one of the "biggest tests" of his career. "It's always been a dream of mine since I was a kid to be part of a winning Americas Cup team and ultimately I want to try and bring it back to the UK where it all started in 1851." Ainslie, who won his first Games medal - a silver in the Laser fleet - at Atlanta 1996, says he may have extended his Olympic career into a twentieth year had the International Sailing Federation [ISAF] reversed their decision to axe the Star class from Rio 2016. "There was a possibility that it may have been reinstated, but that didn't happen," reflected the four-time World Sailor of the Year Award winner. "There would have been no guarantees I would have made it to the Olympics going up against 2008 gold medallists Iain [Percy] and Andrew [Simpson], but certainly it was an option to go into that class." Ainslie ranked his success in London as his greatest personal Olympic moment, but that attaining a first gold at the Sydney 2000 Games was a close second. "It meant a huge amount to me to reverse the silver medal from 1996 and it gave me a huge amount of confidence that I could go on and achieve more," stated Ainslie who switched from the Laser to the Finn dinghy for Athens 2004. "I am proud of what I achieved [in the Olympics] but I think this decision [to retire from dinghy sailing] really helps to make it clear what the goal is and the intensions are. "Hopefully now we can go ahead and get the support to make that [Americas Cup success] happen."
Ashbourne's Royal Shrovetide Football game involves two sides competing to move a ball to posts at opposing ends of the town. It takes place across fields, streets, car parks and waterways each Shrove Tuesday and Ash Wednesday. The game was won 1-0 by the Up'Ards, who defeated the Down'Ards in the two-day event. The Up'Ards - traditionally those born north of Henmore River - play against the Down'Ards from the south of the town's river. Each game begins with a guest of honour throwing the elaborately painted ball into the crowd. Prince Charles and the late Nottingham Forest and Derby County football manager Brian Clough are among the famous names chosen to "turn up" the ball in previous years. This year the honour fell to Dallas Burston, a former GP who became a businessman, and John Stubbs, a retired dairy farmer. Shop windows around the town were again boarded up ahead of the famously hard-fought contest. Players were also reminded they were not allowed to climb over parked cars or enter cemeteries, churchyards and memorial gardens. A goal was scored by Kurt Smith at about 20:20 GMT on Tuesday and it took nearly and hour for it to be confirmed. There were no goals on Wednesday.
The 30-year-old Australian-born forward represented Scotland at the 2013 Rugby League World Cup. He holds the record for the most consecutive appearances in the NRL with 215 between 2006 and 2014. "The club has a great profile and stature in the game and I hope to be able to contribute to developing that wonderful culture," he said. Douglas will join St Helens ahead of the 2017 season. "I am told Saints have the best fans in the game and I can't wait to engage with them. I'm really looking forward to this next chapter in my life," he added.
GCSE results are being changed to grades 9 to 1, with the first such grades to be published this week. But there will be two different pass marks - grade 4 as a "standard" pass and grade 5 as a "strong" pass. Researchers say pupils need to be at grade 5 to match global rivals. The study from the Education Policy Institute says England's school system faces an "immense challenge" if it is going to match the levels of achievement in countries such as Singapore, South Korea, Hong Kong and Japan. GCSEs in England are being made more challenging and will be decided by final exams rather than coursework, with the first results of these new-style GCSEs being published for English and maths this week. These will be graded from 9 to 1, with a grade 4 being counted as a "standard" pass, similar to a grade C. But the researchers say that on average pupils should be achieving a "strong" pass at grade 5, if England is going to keep up with international competitors. At present, the researchers say, only 40% of pupils in state schools have reached this "world-class standard". To keep up in maths, the study says, it would require an increase of over a third of pupils getting top grades and an average above grade 5. "The old C grade is not an adequate national aspiration if England wants to compete with top education nations," says David Laws, former Education Minister and executive chairman of the Education Policy Institute. "This analysis highlights the gulf between education outcomes in England and the performance of the world's best education nations," he said. "In certain subjects, such as maths, England needs both to significantly raise the number of top performers and almost halve the number of low performers if it is to compete with the world's best." Paul Whiteman, leader of the National Association of Head Teachers said: "This report shows that England's obsession with structural change, under a succession of governments, has had little impact on either standards or equity. "Policy makers have routinely pursued the wrong priorities," said Mr Whiteman. "The highest performing school systems are those that invest in their teachers and that respect and value education." Kevin Courtney, leader of the National Union of Teachers, said that even if the overall results at national level were kept in line with previous years, individual schools "will still experience volatility in their results". He warned that such volatility could have "unfair consequences". There have been warnings about confusion over having two pass grades - with universities using different versions of a pass in their entry requirements. Education Secretary Justine Greening had explained the plans for two pass grades to the education select committee earlier this year. "I want to provide certainty about how this new grading will work and, in particular, the consequences for individual pupils of achieving a grade 4 or grade 5," Ms Greening had written to the committee chairman. "Rather than reporting on the "good pass", we will instead distinguish between a grade 4 as a "standard pass" and a grade 5 as a "strong pass" and report on both." A Department for Education spokesman said: "We know there is more to do and this report underlines the importance of our reforms to create new gold-standard GCSEs, benchmarked against the best education systems in the world so young people learn the knowledge and skills that will allow them to compete in an increasingly global workplace."
The Shadow Man, and a Christmas poem called Noel, were found at Our Lady's School, Abingdon. It is thought Tolkien got to know the school while he was a professor of Anglo-Saxon at Oxford University. The poems were printed a year before Tolkien's first literary sensation The Hobbit was published. The Shadow Man is an earlier version of a poem eventually published in 1962 in Tolkien's Adventures of Tom Bombadil collection. The existence of the poems came to light after American Tolkien scholar Wayne G. Hammond got in touch with the school. He knew from notes made by Tolkien that two of his poems appeared in a magazine he called The Abingdon Chronicle. This was actually the 1936 annual of Our Lady's School, which was then run by the Sisters of Mercy. School principal Stephen Oliver said: "At first we couldn't find the 1936 edition and referred Mr Hammond to the archives of the Sisters of Mercy in London. "Then, while preparing for an event for former pupils of the school, we uncovered our own copy and I saw the two poems Mr Hammond had been looking for. " The school hopes to put the annual on display at a future exhibition.
Unite union members based at plants in Cowley, Goodwood, near Chichester, Hams Hall in the West Midlands and Swindon, turned down the offer by 56.6%. Workers have already staged four walkouts during the dispute, which is over the closure of a final-salary pension scheme. BMW said the offer was "fair" and it was disappointed at the ballot result. Unite representatives will meet on Tuesday to discuss the next steps in the dispute, which has seen the first-ever strikes by the company's British employees. Three 24-hour strikes scheduled in May were suspended while workers considered the offer, which the union did not recommend to its members. Unite national officer Fred Hanna said: "It is clear that it did not go far enough or deal with the concerns many of our members have over BMW's pension plans. "We would urge BMW bosses to reflect on the result and listen to the workforce by further engaging in meaningful talks with Unite." A BMW spokesman said: "We are now considering the implications of the ballot result and we will be meeting with the union in due course to discuss next steps. "We believe the offer, which resulted from lengthy negotiations with the union since September last year, was fair. "It was designed to improve competitiveness, which is in the long-term interests of all our employees in the future."
The plane was heading from Heathrow to Dubai on Thursday - a seven-hour flight. Abhishek Sachdev, who was on board tweeted: "Insane. Our BA flight to Dubai returned back to Heathrow because of a smelly poo in the toilet". He told a newspaper: "The pilot made an announcement requesting senior cabin crew, and we knew something was a bit odd. "About 10 minutes later he said 'You may have noticed there's a quite pungent smell coming from one of the toilets'. "He said it was liquid faecal excrement. Those are the words he used." The plane had been airborne for just 30 minutes when it turned round. The next available flight was 15 hours later, so passengers had to be put up in a hotel overnight. Speaking to Radio 1's Greg James, Sarah, who works for the airline said: "When you're up at that altitude the cabin has to be pressurised so the problem is that anything like that is actually a health and safety problem because only 50 percent of the air is being recycled and cleaned". In a statement, BA says "A decision was taken to return for the safety and comfort of our customers on board. "We're very sorry for the discomfort to our customers. "We provided them with hotel accommodation and rescheduled the flight to depart the next day." Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
The Common dolphin was discovered on the high water line at Gyllingvase near Falmouth early on Wednesday. Members of British Divers Marine Life Rescue covered the animal with wet towels and seaweed to keep it comfortable. A vet who was called to the scene assessed that it was too sick to be returned to the sea. There have been 41 strandings of Common dolphins in Cornwall in the past year according to figures from the Marine Strandings Network. Almost 3,500 whales, dolphins and porpoises have been stranded on UK coastlines over the six years up to December 2011, according to the Zoological Society of London (ZSL). Overall it recorded a fall in the number of strandings but said that some still were not being reported. The Society has launched a campaign to encourage the public to tell them when they find beached mammals.
The pro-Rouhani reformist group Omid (Hope) won all 21 seats, ousting their conservative rivals who had been in power for 14 years. Mr Rouhani won Friday's presidential election in the first round. He promised voters a moderate and outward-looking Iran and criticised the conservative-dominated judiciary. Council elections were held alongside the presidential vote and the results were announced on Sunday. The new city council must convene within 45 days when it will elect a new mayor to oversee services for Tehran's nine million residents. Incumbent Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf was a candidate in the early stages of the presidential election but dropped out to back hardliner Ebrahim Raisi. Mr Raisi only received 38.5% of the vote, which was not enough to take the election to a second round. President Rouhani, 68, said his resounding victory showed that voters rejected extremism and wanted more links with the outside world. Analysts say he is in a strong position to seek reforms and to revive Iran's ailing economy. After his re-election there were celebrations in the capital, Tehran, with crowds of young people singing and dancing in the central Vali Asr Square. In his first speech after the result was announced Mr Rouhani said: "The Iranian nation has chosen the path of interaction with the world, a path which is distant from extremism and violence." Mr Rouhani supports the landmark deal with world powers to curb Iran's nuclear programme.
Kylle Godfrey is subject to a Criminal Behaviour Order which means he must tell police of any relationship lasting more than 14 days. Shira told the BBC she hoped it would make him "think twice before getting into a relationship". Godfrey, 30, is currently serving a three-year prison sentence. It is believed to be the first time in England and Wales such an order has been made. Shira - who did not want to disclose her full name - told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme the abuse started shortly after they met in 2011. "The first incident was a few months after we met and it started over the phone. I thought he was being overprotective but he was really being jealous. "He was constantly checking on me on the phone, being paranoid and accusing me of things all the time." Over time, she said, Godfrey became "more and more" violent. "I went through hell with him physically, mentally and emotionally, and now I can see I risked my life with him." On one occasion she remembers him "smashing my head on the floor four or five times". "I thought 'I'm going to die.' "I just had a little pray, and I realised no-one deserves to be in that position. My life is more important than this." Godfrey's Criminal Behaviour Order - which lasts for seven years - also allows police to inform future partners of his previous violent behaviour to women, under the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme. Shira said the order "makes me feel more safe, and other women will be protected". "Instead of us women trying to prevent them [from being abusive], they have to go away from us." "The emphasis is on the perpetrator, not the victim." Shira said she now hopes Godfrey "will think twice before getting into a relationship". "It's also good for me and my children, this order, as it will help us know where he is and what he's doing - to protect ourselves." Godfrey could be jailed if he breaches the terms of the order. He was jailed on 14 February after admitting to two counts of actual bodily harm, perverting the course of justice and witness intimidation. A court heard how over several days in October last year, he attacked his ex-partner, banging her head on the floor and grabbing her around the throat. Following his arrest, Godfrey continued to intimidate the woman and, while on bail, assaulted another woman he had started a new relationship with. Shira said she felt "relief" at the sentencing. "Now I can just concentrate on just moving on. "No-one deserves to [suffer] domestic violence… especially women with children." Detective Inspector Jane Topping, of the Met Police's Hackney Community Safety Unit, said the order "gives us a new way of protecting victims of domestic abuse and prevent other women from suffering at the hands of people like Godfrey, and help our efforts to tackle domestic violence". "The victim in Godfrey's case was subjected to a horrendous ordeal by him following a sustained campaign of domestic violence. She has shown incredible bravery in supporting our investigation." Watch the Victoria Derbyshire programme on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel.
Business and political circles in Switzerland had supported the plan, which was designed to prevent taxes rising sharply for foreign investors. However 59% of voters opposed the plan in Sunday's referendum vote. The government will now need to find an alternative, which may involve higher tax rates for multinational companies. "It will not be possible to find a solution overnight," said Ueli Maurer, Switzerland's finance minister. He told a press conference it could take a year to come up with a new plan, and that Switzerland risked losing foreign investment as a result. Currently Switzerland grants special status to foreign firms which allows cantons, or districts, to offer them lower rates of tax than domestic firms, making Switzerland an attractive destination for foreign investors. But international organisations such as the OECD have deemed the system unacceptable and Switzerland has made a commitment to reform it by 2019. To avoid raising taxes for multinational companies too sharply the government had agreed to abolish the special status for multinationals but instead offer new tax breaks for research and development and other activities. As part of the proposal, Switzerland's cantons planned to lower their tax rates for businesses across the board, including domestic business, helping to avoid steep rises in tax bills when foreign firms' status was brought into line. Some of the resulting budget shortfall in the cantons would have been plugged by federal funds. But the plan was opposed by Social Democrats, Greens, trade unions and churches who argued that the reduced tax revenue would still lead to cuts in public services or higher personal taxes. "The conservative parties wanted to push through tax reform with arrogance and haughtiness against the interests of the people. The Greens demand a new proposal with a sense of proportion," the opposition leftist party said of the vote.
How much wealth your parents have is likely to matter more than it did for older generations. Here's why. It used to be the case that young adults could expect to start their working lives with higher incomes than those born earlier. This is because incomes normally rise over time, as the economy grows. Then we had the financial crisis of 2008. The upshot is that today's young adults are the first generation since at least World War Two not to start their working lives with higher incomes than those born before them. For example, someone born in the 1980s could expect a household income of £27,000 at the age of 28, compared with £28,000 for those born in the 1970s. The figure was £21,000 for those born in the 1960s and £15,000 for those born in the 1950s. Despite having about the same income, those born in the early 1980s are much less wealthy than those born in the 1970s were at the same age. By their early thirties, the 1980s generation had accumulated wealth of about £27,000 each, on average. By the time they had reached the same age, the 1970s generation had twice as much wealth on average - £53,000 each. A large part of the explanation is that an individual's wealth is mainly made up of property and pensions - and younger adults are faring well with neither. At the age of 30, 40% of people born in the early 1980s were owner-occupiers, down from 55% of those born in the 1970s. Home ownership rates were higher still among earlier generations, with six out of 10 people born in the 50s and 60s owning their own homes at the age of 30. Similarly, the Local Government Association reported in December that just 20% of those aged 25 own their own property, compared with 46% two decades ago. The lower home ownership rate doesn't just explain why young adults have lower wealth now. It also means they are likely to be poorer as they get older, because fewer of them will benefit from future increases in house prices. In their late twenties, renters born in the early 1980s were spending 28% of their income on housing costs. At the same age, those born in the 1960s were spending 22% of their income on rent. Those born in the 1950s spent 13% and those in the 1940s just 10%. Part of the rising costs of renting is explained by the decline of social housing. For today's renters, it seems likely that raising a deposit is a greater barrier to home ownership than actually paying a mortgage. Lower interest rates mean housing costs for young homeowners have fallen and they are quite likely to be paying much less than renters relative to their incomes. Mortgage interest costs for homeowners born in the early 1980s amounted to just 15% of income. Of course, the low interest rates that have benefitted homeowners are themselves likely to be one of the factors pushing up house prices. The vast majority of young adults working in the private sector will never have pensions as generous as those enjoyed by their older colleagues. This is because most employers have closed defined benefits pension schemes, which typically see employees paid a set proportion of their average or final salary when they retire. The schemes that have replaced them are typically much less generous. In their early thirties, fewer than one in 10 private sector employees born in the early 1980s were active members of a defined benefit scheme. This compares with nearly four out of 10 workers born in the 1960s. In 2015, 90% of those in defined benefit schemes received an employer contribution equivalent to 10% of their earnings or more, compared with only 13% of those in other schemes. With stalled incomes, lower home ownership and less generous pensions, it is easy to see that young adults have little to cheer about financially. But those older, wealthier, generations are increasingly seen as the ones likely to provide a secure future. Of those people born in the 1970s, 75% have either received or expect to receive an inheritance. This figure has grown steadily over the decades and has doubled since the 1930s, when just 38% of people expected an inheritance. Our data doesn't allow us to look at those born in the 1980s or 90s, but there is no reason to think this trend has not continued. Within each generation, most inherited wealth goes to those who are already comparatively well-off. Among the 1970s generation, nine out of 10 people whose income is in the top 20% have received or expect to receive an inheritance. This compares with six out of 10 among those whose income is in the bottom 20%. Data is not yet available for those born in the 80s or 90s. So, for all the attention on inequality between generations, family ties mean a large chunk of the wealth held by older generations is likely to flow down to younger generations. But most of that wealth will flow to those who are already well-off, potentially widening inequality within the younger generation. It looks like we're heading for a future where how much wealth your parents have matters more than it used to. About this piece This analysis piece was commissioned by the BBC from an expert working for an outside organisation. Andrew Hood is a senior research economist at the Institute of Fiscal Studies (IFS), specialising in income, work and welfare. The IFS describes itself as an independent research institute which aims to inform public debate on economics. More details about its work and its funding can be found here.
Nonsuch Palace was painted by the Flemish artist Joris Hoefnagel in 1568. Culture Minister Ed Vaizey has placed a temporary export bar on the watercolour in the hope a UK buyer can match the asking price of £1m. "We have very few paintings of the palace so I really hope we can find a buyer to keep this masterpiece here in Britain," he said. The piece is the oldest of six remaining depictions of the palace, considered to be one of the Renaissance period's most stunning buildings. Nonsuch Palace - named because no other palace could equal it - was built in 1538 for the Tudor king to celebrate the birth of his first legitimate son and mark his 30th year on the throne, It was intended to rival the opulent residences of French king Francis I. In 1670 Charles II gave the palace to his mistress, Barbara Villiers, who began to dismantle and sell parts of the building to pay off gambling debts. By 1690 the building had all but disappeared. The painting went for auction in 2010 but failed to meet its reserve price of £1.2m. The decision to defer the export licence follows a recommendation by the Reviewing Committee on the Export of Works of Art and Objects of Cultural Interest (RCEWA), administered by Arts Council England. They made their recommendation on the grounds of its close association with our history and national life, its outstanding aesthetic importance and its outstanding significance for understanding the nature of English Renaissance architecture. The decision on the export licence application for the watercolour will be deferred until 31 May.
They will be joined at next year's Olympics by South Africa who defeated Equatorial Guinea in Bata 1-0. It is the first time that any Zimbabwe team has qualified for a global football tournament. Rudo Neshamba's 8th minute goal was enough to send Zimbabwe to Brazil. It's a great achievement for us, I'm so happy I can't even explain how I'm feeling right now The result meant the tie finished level at 2-2 on aggregate, with Zimbabwe qualifying on the away-goals rule. It was disappointment for Cameroon who represented Africa at the Women's World Cup in Canada, reaching the second round. Neshamba (pictured) was again Zimbabwe's match-winner, having scored their crucial away-goal in the first leg in Yaounde. Her captain, Felistas Muzongondi, said it was a famous day in their footballing history. "It's a great achievement for us, I'm so happy I can't even explain how I'm feeling right now," Muzongondi told BBC Sport. "This is our first time in history to beat Cameroon, and we were expecting this because we prepared very well." Zimbabwe's skipper also admitted it was a very tough match. "There was so much intensity so we had to put much pressure on them because they have so much more physical fitness than us." Zimbabwe booked their place in Rio despite severe financial difficulties facing football in their country. They were only able to continue in this qualifying tournament after Ivory Coast withdrew. Also on Sunday, South Africa defeated Equatorial Guinea 1-0 in Bata to win the tie by the same score on aggregate after the first leg had ended goal-less. Jermaine Seoposenwe's second half goal proved crucial for Banyana Banyana and was enough to win them their place in Rio. The South African Football Association (Safa) President, Dr Danny Jordaan congratulated Banyana Banyana for their achievement. "Today is a historic day for women football; not only have they qualified for the Rio Olympics but have done so in style - winning away from home in 'hostile' Bata environment," Jordaan said in a statement. "Few teams survive trips to Equatorial Guinea as Nigeria would attest but coach Vera Pauw plotted one of the greatest wins in South African football history," Jordaan added. South Africa's progress to the Olympics makes up for their disappointment of missing out on qualification for the Women's World Cup earlier this year.
Brett Rogers, 25, was jailed for a minimum sentence of 32 years last May. He had been found guilty by a jury of killing his mother Gillian Phillips, 54, and her friend 60-year-old David Oakes in 2015. Rogers, previously of Stansted Mountfitchet, Essex, was found in his cell at HMP Long Lartin in Worcestershire last Wednesday. Live: More news from Essex A post-mortem examination found he died as a result of compression to the neck. Gary Lindley,  41 and Billy White, 24, have been charged with his murder. They have been remanded in custody to appear at Worcester Crown Court on Tuesday. The jury at Rogers' trial was told how he was found at his mother's home in Bentfield Gardens, Stansted Mountfitchet, after the attacks, laughing and covered in blood. Mrs Phillips had been stabbed at least 41 times in the head, neck and torso. Mr Oakes suffered 56 wounds to his head, face and neck and died of severe head injuries.
"In the history of betting, certainly since it was legalised in 1961, a [single event] winner with odds of 5,000-1 has never happened," says Simon Clare from the betting firm Coral. "Every bookmaker is crying out in pain. "That's a barometer of what Leicester have done and just how amazing this win is." Jessica Bridges from rival Ladbrokes agrees. "This is the biggest sporting upset of all time. We've all got a bit of egg on our face." Bookmakers have been cheering Leicester's success, whilst simultaneously putting their hands in their collective pockets. William Hill has paid out more than £20,000 to 39-year-old carpenter, Leigh Herbert. He was one of the canny few to take up the now-famous odds of 5,000-1 for his team to win. Although he has been a supporter since he was 10,  he doesn't usually put his money where his heart is. But, mulling over their prospects on a camping holiday he found he was encouraged by the team's performance at the end of last season, and, taking a shine to the appointment of Claudio Ranieri as manager, he decided to put down the £5 bet for his team to win. "I thought, they're going to do something special this season," he says. "I really enjoyed the first half of the season, the second half just got harder and harder. "I would feel sick watching them play." Eventually, he cashed out £2 of his £5 bet, making £5,600, but left the £3 remainder in place, which eventually won him £15,000. A big party is in order this weekend - as well as house hunting with his new deposit. Bookmakers, like Coral, estimate the industry as a whole will have paid out around £20m over the title win. Coral themselves lost £2m. But bookmakers won't have lost out overall, admits Ladbrokes' Alex Donohue. Although Ladbrokes are losing £3m on Leicester this week, throughout the season a lot of bets were placed on the favourites, such as Chelsea and Manchester City, which will have more than cushioned the blow. "£3m is a record net payout for a title winner, but we did well out of Leicester upsetting the odds to get there. No complaints at all," he tweeted. Ladbrokes are "by no means crying out in pain" over the season in general, says Mr Donohue. Bookmakers do best when a second or third favourite team wins the title, he says. Title win an amazing feeling - Ranieri Leicester 'can make £150m from PL title' The greatest sporting story of all time? The wearable tech giving sports teams winning ways More importantly for bookmakers Leicester's win is a great story. The bookmakers were much slower than the punters to believe that Leicester could win the title. The problem was not so much the long odds at the start of the season, but the fact that they were so slow to respond to Leicester's success. At Christmas, when the Foxes were unbeaten for 10 games in a row, the odds were still quite high, in Coral's case they were still at 33-1 in December. It wasn't until Leicester beat Manchester City 3-1 in February that they became favourites to win. "The bookies were just ignoring their form. The punters started to believe but not the bookies," said Mr Clare. "We've never lost money like this - it's the biggest hit we've ever taken. In a way it's a beautiful wake up call. It's an amazing moment." And there's a sound reason they are not downcast at their losses.  Next year they're expecting a great flood of new bets as fans from Burnley to Bournemouth hope that their team will "do a Leicester". The odds on a Watford or a West Brom win are slight of course. Leicester's success was  a "perfect storm of the right manager, right players, few injuries, no playing in Europe and the big teams underperforming" says Dale Tempest from online betting firm Skybet. Skybet, which sponsors the three divisions below the Premier League, has a particularly large base of Leicester supporters and is therefore one of the companies that stands to lose the most - in the region of £5m. Interestingly, the bookmakers seem to think that the chances of Leicester being relegated are greater than them winning again. Mr Tempest says that's because the stakes have been raised - there will be tempting offers for the top players, the big teams are looking to change managers and they'll have to play in Europe. So has it made the industry more cautious? Ladbrokes says no more 5,000-1 odds for the Premier League, Coral says it will be much more cautious. But Skybet have got 5,000-1 odds for Burnley to win the Premier League, who have just won the Championship and will be promoted next season. Already, 888 people have placed their bets - meaning that if they win Skybet stand to lose £7m. However, Mr Tempest says the company will be quicker to slash the odds should the team start performing, a sentiment echoed by all the companies. But William Hill's Graham Sharpe says this is a numbers game. The chances of Leicester winning were that slim and they would probably do the same again - and the next 4,999 times they'll be right. He likens it to the jockey Frankie Dettori riding the winning horse in all seven races at Ascot in 1996 - an unheard of feat. He remembers the stunned haze surrounding the bookies and their £40m loss. But he says, it was so unlikely, that they all agreed they'd probably do the same again. "This time we hold our hands up and say well done. But Ranieri, don't do it again," he says. And as for Leigh Herbert - will he be doing it again? "This is it for me. I mean... it's not going to happen again, so why carry on?" I wonder if he will stick to that.
The tech-heavy index rose 68 points, or 1.3%, to 5,132.95 Meanwhile the Dow Jones closed up 180 points, or 1% to 18,115 while the S&P jumped 21 points, or 1%, to 2,121.22 As traders digested the Federal Reserve's statement from Wednesday, they were encouraged by its insistence that rates will only be increased gradually. "The Fed's likely to raise rates later this year, but maybe not as aggressively as some market participants worried," said Michael Baele, managing director and senior portfolio manager at US Bank Private Client Reserve. The Nasdaq closing high was more than 25 points above its last record on 27 May. On the economic front, new figures showing an uptick in inflation and fewer jobless claims sketched a picture of modest improvement. US consumer prices registered their largest increase in two years on higher oil prices. The CPI rose 0.4% in May, after a 0.1% rise in April. The US Labor Department said initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped 12,000 to a seasonally adjusted 267,000 for the week ending 13 June. It was the 15th consecutive week that claims held below 300,000, a threshold usually associated with a firming labour market. In corporate news, shares in Martha Stewart Living, which owns the Martha Stewart publishing and homeware brands, jumped more than 20% on reports that Sequential Brands was close to buying it. Another company to do well was Harley Davidson, which rose more than 4%, after UBS upgraded the company. On the downside, technology giant Oracle shares dived more than 4% as it reported disappointed net income for the quarter.
Fe fydd Radio Cymru 2 yn darlledu o 7:00 tan 10:00 bob bore'r wythnos ar radio digidol, teledu digidol a BBC iPlayer Radio. Cymysgedd o gerddoriaeth ac adloniant fydd ar y gwasanaeth newydd, tra bydd Radio Cymru yn parhau i ddarlledu'r Post Cyntaf. Dywedodd golygydd Radio Cymru, Betsan Powys, ei bod yn ddatblygiad "hanesyddol". Daw'r cyhoeddiad ar ôl i'r BBC arbrofi gyda gorsaf dros dro, Radio Cymru Mwy y llynedd. Dywedodd Betsan Powys: "Does dim dwywaith fod hwn yn un o'r datblygiadau mwyaf hanesyddol a phwysig yn natblygiad yr orsaf ers ei sefydlu yn 1977. "Mae gwrandawyr Radio Cymru gyda'r gwrandawyr radio mwya' ffyddlon yng Nghymru ac mae gallu cynnig dewis iddyn nhw ac i wrandawyr newydd yn hynod gyffrous." Mae tîm golygyddol Radio Cymru yn bwriadu lansio'r gwasanaeth newydd cyn diwedd y flwyddyn. Wrth ymateb i'r newyddion dywedodd Carl Morris, llefarydd darlledu Cymdeithas yr Iaith:  "Ry'n ni'n croesawu'r newyddion yma - mae'n ddatblygiad addawol iawn gan fod dybryd angen rhagor o gynnwys digidol amrywiol yn y Gymraeg. "Gall un orsaf ddim bod yn bopeth i bawb, felly gobeithio bydd y gwasanaeth newydd yma yn golygu y bydd rhagor o amrywiaeth." Mewn cyhoeddiad arall, fe ddywedodd y BBC y bydd gorsaf Radio Wales yn ehangu ar FM i gyrraedd 330,000 o bobl ychwanegol. O ganlyniad bydd yr orsaf yn cyrraedd hyd at 91% o'r boblogaeth ar FM, o'i gymharu â 79% ar hyn o bryd. Gwrandawyr yn y gogledd ddwyrain a'r canolbarth yn benodol fydd yn elwa ar y cynnydd yn argaeledd Radio Wales ar FM. Bydd yr orsaf yn defnyddio tonfeddi FM sydd yn darlledu BBC Radio 3.
The first bomb was found during an alert at Ramoan Drive on Saturday morning. A device found in the Glencolin Walk area of west Belfast later on Saturday has also been declared viable.  There is another security alert in Ballygally in County Antrim. Both alerts in west Belfast have now ended. The alert in Glencolin Walk followed the discovery of a suspicious object. The Glen Road was closed between the junctions of Shaw's Road and Suffolk Road. Police are attending a security alert at a country park on the Coast Road, Ballygally, in County Antrim, following the discovery of a number of suspicious objects. There are no more details on that incident at this stage. On Friday, a bomb exploded under a prison officer's van in east Belfast. The device partially detonated when he drove over a speed ramp at Hillsborough Drive in Belfast, at 07:10 GMT.
Ben Purdy, 18, was shot in the head in Bermondsey after confronting his girlfriend's ex, Michael Bagnall, about "threatening" messages. Bagnall, 22, of Hospital Way, Lewisham, must serve at least 28 years. His uncle Andrew Bayne, 37, of Trundleys Terrace, Lewisham was sentenced to at least 30 years. During the trial at the Old Bailey, jurors heard that they both suffered from learning disabilities, but Judge Christopher Moss said they were still "able to organise and carry out this dreadful murder". As they were led from the dock, Bagnall launched into a tirade of abuse at the judge and shouted out "I'm glad he's dead" in the courtroom packed with Ben's family. In a statement, Ben's mother, Joanne Treston-Smith, said: "The void that Ben's death has left will never be filled. We will always have him missing in our lives." The court heard that the murder followed a feud between Michael Bagnall and the victim, who was going out with the Bagnall's ex-girlfriend. Bagnall was said to have resented the new relationship and sent the girl "threatening messages" by phone or Facebook. On the day of his murder, Ben Purdy decided to confront Bagnall, tracking him down in which led to a "skirmish" in Bermondsey, south London. After that encounter, the jury heard Bagnall and and his uncle Andrew Bayne decided Mr Purdy needed to be "taught a lesson". The pair armed themselves with a self loading pistol and an array of other weapons and got in a car to scour the streets for Mr Purdy and his friends. When they caught up with them, Bayne shot Mr Purdy in the head on 23 November 2014. He died in hospital the next day.
Most swimmers will be take to the waters of Windermere to swim a mile (1.6Km) with some longer swims scheduled for Sunday. The event is expected to attract 10,000 swimmers, organisers said. A 10k marathon distance has also been introduced and is expected to take experienced swimmers four hours to complete. Great Swim Director Alex Jackson said: "The Great North Swim is proving to be as popular as ever, with 10,000 expected in Windermere for our ninth event here." Introducing the "10k event will provide a new challenge" he added.
The 27-year-old spent last season on loan at Chesterfield, scoring 15 goals in 38 appearances for the Spireites. Novak has agreed a three-year contract at The Valley and becomes the Addicks' third signing of the summer. "Lee has shown a consistency at both Championship and League One level and is a proven goalscorer," Charlton boss Russell Slade told the club website. Novak joined Birmingham from Huddersfield in summer 2013 and scored 12 goals in 69 outings for the Blues. Meanwhile, Charlton striker Igor Vetokele has joined Belgian Pro League side Zulte-Waregem on a season-long loan deal. Zulte-Waragem have an option to buy the 24-year-old Angola international as part of the deal. Vetokele moved to south-east London in the summer of 2014 and scored two goals in 18 appearances in 2015-16. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The 19-year-old, from Staffordshire, died on Wednesday after a four-year battle with the disease. Stephen's appeal in aid of the Teenage Cancer Trust on his Just Giving page has now raised £3.7m. There are now plans to make a film about his life, using footage shot over the past 12 months. Film-maker Grigorij Richters, 26, from Hamburg, Germany, met Stephen at the Champions League final at Wembley in May 2013 and they became friends. The visit to Wembley was on the "bucket list" of 46 ambitions Stephen wanted to achieve before he died, along with raising money for the Teenage Cancer Trust. The pair agreed to film the bucket list together and he now has hours of footage, which he wants to use to tell Stephen's story. Mr Richters said Stephen was "a young man who did the inconceivable, the unbelievable, at a young age". At his former school, Chase Terrace Technology College in Burntwood, people have queued to sign a book of condolence and leave flowers. Tributes have also been written in chalk on pavements in Birmingham. Suggestions on social media that there should be a permanent memorial in the city will go before the Broad Street Walk of Stars committee in the summer. Mike Olley, the manager of Broad Street in Birmingham, where the stars are located said: "We are always happy to take suggestions for the Walk of Stars. "Many people have nominated Stephen now and I am delighted to put this before the committee."
Alana Annette Savell, 32, was hosting a couple at her Panama City home when the visitors apparently became noisy. Police say she ordered them to go, before shooting the man and woman in the legs. The victims went to hospital with non life-threatening injuries. Ms Savell has been charged with aggravated battery by a firearm. Bay County Sheriff's Office told the BBC the female victim had turned up with a male friend, whom she had just met in a bar, at the accused's home at around 01:00 local time on Monday. Ms Savell told police her hospitality began to wear thin after her guests began drinking and raising their voices. But instead of dropping a hint by yawning or loading the dishwasher, she armed herself with a 22-calibre handgun and shot at her guests' feet, officials said. As well as shooting the woman, Kristy Jo Mohr, in both legs in the incident, and her companion, who went by name "Cowboy", Ms Savell's own boyfriend was struck by a bullet in the leg. Ms Mohr told police she believed eight or nine shots were fired in total. Bay County Sheriff's Office said: "The victim (Ms Mohr) stated she felt herself get hit in the legs and ran away from the home and got into a vehicle. "Savell stated that the victim and her friend had come to her home to hang out and began drinking and getting too loud. "Savell stated she did not want them in her house and started shooting at their feet. "The suspect's boyfriend stated to investigators that he has told his girlfriend that once someone is told to leave their property three times, she is to go get the gun and shoot it at the ground. "If that does not work, she is to shoot people in the leg." Ms Savell remains in custody at the county jail.
Mr McMullin, the former chief policy director of the House Republican Conference, is expected to formally file his candidacy on Monday. He is likely to face challenges on ballot deadlines and fundraising just three months before Election Day. The 40-year-old Mormon has never held elected office. Mr McMullin, an outspoken critic of the Republican nominee, Donald Trump, released a statement to ABC News. "It's never too late to do the right thing, and America deserves much better than either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton can offer us. I humbly offer myself as a leader who can give millions of disaffected Americans a conservative choice for President," Mr McMullin said. The little-known, unmarried conservative worked for the CIA for 11 years before leaving the agency in 2010. He later went to work for Goldman Sachs and became a senior adviser on national security for the House Committee on Foreign Affairs in 2013. Mr McMullin resigned from his position at the House Republican Conference on Monday, US media reported. The Utah native graduated from Brigham Young University and earned a master's of business administration from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, according to his LinkedIn page. He had just 135 Twitter follows when his pending candidacy was first announced and gained more than 12,000 within hours. Mr McMullin has voiced his opposition to Mr Trump on social media, calling him an "authoritarian" and denouncing the Republican nominee's attacks on the family of fallen Capt. Humayan Khan. In a Facebook post, Mr McMullin condemned Mr Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric, saying "attacking them as a group makes America weaker, not stronger". Mr McMullin joins third-party candidates Libertarian Party's Gary Johnson and the Green Party's Jill Stein, who are also in the race for the White House. Mr McMullin faces a series of hurdles over the next three months, having already missed the deadlines to get on the ballot in 26 states. He will have to collect tens of thousands of signatures in the coming days to make the 10 August deadline for several more states. But the Morman candidate will have time to appear on the ballot in his native Utah, where Mr Trump is deeply unpopular among the Mormon electorate. Senator Ted Cruz overwhelmingly defeated Mr Trump in Utah during the primary election, taking 69% of the vote to 14%. Though Mr McMullin is not likely to appear on majority of state ballots across the country, he could block Mr Trump from taking the historically red state of Utah and peel off some of the billionaire's conservative voters. Mr McMullin will also have to chase millions of dollars in donations over the next few weeks in order to keep up with his opponents this fall. The group Better for America, which was formed by Never Trump conservatives, had been reportedly searching for an independent presidential candidate to put up against the nominee. The group has insisted key Republican donors would throw their support behind his candidacy, according to ABC News. Prominent Republican operative Rick Wilson is expected to help run Mr McMullin's campaign. Mr Wilson wrote about why Mr Trump needs to "suffer a humiliating defeat" in a New York Daily News op-ed on Sunday. He wrote: "if there's a loss by a slim margin in the popular vote or electoral college, millions of already embittered Americans, worked into a frenzy by a shameless leader who will surely refuse to accept the returns, will start the next four years convinced that the United States of America is little more than a banana republic â€” and the presidency of Hillary Clinton is irretrievably illegitimate". Florida-based pollster and operative Joel Searby is also thought to be working on the campaign. Mr McMullin's candidacy comes after the Never Trump movement talked of launching campaigns for Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse and National Review writer David French earlier this year.
Notices of intended prosecution claimed 991 drivers had broken a 40mph (64km/h) speed limit in Conwy tunnel last October. But the limit had been imposed for night maintenance only and not lifted in the morning as it should have been. Within days the drivers got an apology in the post. North Wales Police released the figures in a Freedom of Information reply. The force said: "The issue was caused by an administration error surrounding the enforcement period. "North Wales police do not record the cost of cancelling notices."
Organisers said rain and ground conditions had caused delays and festival founder Michael Eavis has apologised. The festival's Twitter account said it was "open for business" but advised festival-goers to expect to queue. More than 100,000 people are due to descend on Worthy Farm for the event. Glastonbury gridlock: Latest updates In pictures: Glastonbury welcomes muddy arrivals The gates officially opened at 08:00 BST but people reported long queues to get on to the site. One ticket-holder told the BBC he had been in the queue for "about four and a half hours" and only moved half a mile. "We're trying to get in the campervan field but we're glad we've come today because we think it's going to be even worse tomorrow," he said. Glastonbury live album to be dedicated to Jo Cox MP Glastonbury 2016: Eleven acts to watch Glastonbury weather - latest BBC forecast Others took to social media to vent their frustrations, with Angela Gibbon tweeting: "7 hours in the queue now...so near yet so far away!". Steve Saunders posted a shot of the roadside saying: "This is a view of a hedge we've had for a hour. It's a beaut!" while Patrick Dear tweeted: "Talking about necessary survival plans now - which of us to eat first." Mike Ross said he had "never been on a roundabout long enough to take a nap before" and Moira tweeted that she had "been in this traffic for 12 hours, that's longer than any of my relationships". Mr Eavis said he was "sorry for the delay" but the problem was because "people were coming before the gates were open". "We did ask people to postpone their trip by about six or seven hours but instead of that - funnily enough - more people have come early this time," he said. "I don't mind them coming early but they're going to have to wait because we don't have the staff or the car parks until 8 o'clock in the morning." Festival organisers earlier advised people "not to set off" yet or "grab some essentials" for the journey. A temporary campervan and caravan holding site was set up at the Bath and West show ground near Shepton Mallet and festival-goers were advised to go there. Avon and Somerset Police said traffic was queuing on the A37, north and south of the A361 junctions, with further congestion around the A303. The force advised people to avoid the area "unless absolutely necessary". Somerset County Council said traffic heading to the festival had caused widespread disruption. It said a number of school buses had been caught up in the traffic, and were running late or not at all. Residents described the gridlocked roads as a "traffic disaster". Lorry driver Jason Barnes called the situation "absolute carnage" and said: "In six hours I've only driven 11 miles. I'm supposed to be working". Nigel White said the A39 through Ashcott was "virtually at a standstill" while Judith Templeman said "no other event would be allowed to cause this level of mayhem". "If they can't handle the influx of people in an efficient way so as not to cause this level of disruption on all the access routes around Shepton Mallet... then it should be stopped or limited to the number that can be processed efficiently," she added. Frome MP David Warburton tweeted it had "not been so bad for years" and he would be writing to Mr Eavis as this was "not good for Somerset". The Met Office posted a weather update on its Twitter account, saying further outbreaks of rain over Glastonbury this morning had added to the "already very wet ground conditions." Pictures emerged on Monday showing flooding at the Somerset site, with paths under water and camping areas already turned into mudbaths. Muse, Adele and Coldplay are all headlining the main Pyramid stage over the weekend. Other acts include Jeff Lynne's ELO, Earth Wind & Fire, Ronnie Spector, Art Garfunkel, Madness, Squeeze and New Order. Are you going to the Glastonbury festival? Have you been affected by travel delays? Or are you on-site? Let us know about your experiences. Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your stories. Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
Andrew Boyce's late equaliser had cancelled out Sido Jombati's delicate free-kick, but the home earned all three points in stoppage time. Wycombe defender Joe Jacobson's free-kick on 13 minutes drew a decent save from James McKeown. Garry Thompson had another good chance for the hosts on 50 minutes, but wastefully blazed his half-volley wide from 25 yards. Wycombe led five minutes later, though. Luke Summerfield brought down Jacobson on the edge of the box, and Jombati stepped up to place the ball beyond McKeown for the home side's first goal in 112 days. Cameron Dawson was forced into a sharp double save after 69 minutes, diving to his right to stop Summerfield's fierce shot, then saving Kayden Jackson's follow-up with his legs. Ten minutes later, though, Grimsby deservedly equalised when Boyce passed the ball beyond Dawson after Wycombe failed to clear a corner. But Stewart popped up to tap home from two yards after substitute Adebayo Akinfenwa's flick-on bounced off both posts for Wycombe's first points of the season. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Wycombe Wanderers 2, Grimsby Town 1. Second Half ends, Wycombe Wanderers 2, Grimsby Town 1. Joe Jacobson (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kayden Jackson (Grimsby Town). Attempt blocked. Ashley Chambers (Grimsby Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Goal!  Wycombe Wanderers 2, Grimsby Town 1. Anthony Stewart (Wycombe Wanderers) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Adebayo Akinfenwa (Wycombe Wanderers) hits the left post with a header from the centre of the box. Substitution, Grimsby Town. Rhys Browne replaces Tom Bolarinwa. James Berrett (Grimsby Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Joe Jacobson (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by James Berrett (Grimsby Town). Substitution, Wycombe Wanderers. Nick Freeman replaces Matt Bloomfield. Corner,  Wycombe Wanderers. Conceded by James McKeown. Attempt saved. Garry Thompson (Wycombe Wanderers) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Sam Wood (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Kayden Jackson (Grimsby Town). Foul by Matt Bloomfield (Wycombe Wanderers). James Berrett (Grimsby Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt missed. Sam Wood (Wycombe Wanderers) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Goal!  Wycombe Wanderers 1, Grimsby Town 1. Andrew Boyce (Grimsby Town) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom right corner following a corner. Corner,  Grimsby Town. Conceded by Aaron Pierre. Attempt blocked. Kayden Jackson (Grimsby Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Omar Bogle (Grimsby Town) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Corner,  Grimsby Town. Conceded by Anthony Stewart. Corner,  Grimsby Town. Conceded by Dan Rowe. Attempt blocked. Omar Bogle (Grimsby Town) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Substitution, Grimsby Town. Ashley Chambers replaces Sean McAllister. Substitution, Wycombe Wanderers. Dan Rowe replaces Stephen McGinn. Foul by Adebayo Akinfenwa (Wycombe Wanderers). Luke Summerfield (Grimsby Town) wins a free kick on the right wing. Anthony Stewart (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Kayden Jackson (Grimsby Town). Attempt missed. Tom Bolarinwa (Grimsby Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Foul by Matt Bloomfield (Wycombe Wanderers). James Berrett (Grimsby Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Grimsby Town. Omar Bogle replaces Scott Vernon. Attempt missed. Tom Bolarinwa (Grimsby Town) header from the centre of the box is too high. Attempt saved. Josh Gowling (Grimsby Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Substitution, Wycombe Wanderers. Adebayo Akinfenwa replaces Dayle Southwell. Hand ball by Matt Bloomfield (Wycombe Wanderers).
The 19-year-old suffered the injury during the second half of Saturday's win at Swansea. "We're very disappointed, but that's football and that can happen," Koeman said. "It's unlucky but OK. "The boy has to keep going and it's difficult because he had a great start to the season, but it's part of the football and he will come back." Up until the injury, Ward-Prowse had played for Southampton in every fixture this season. Meanwhile, Koeman said that another young English player, Nathaniel Clyne, should be called up by the national side. The 23-year-old scored Southampton's second in their 2-1 win at Arsenal in the League Cup, with a brilliant 35-yard strike. "I think he's ready [to play for England]," Koeman said of Clyne, who has played at under-19 and under-21 level. "He has a lot of experience, he is playing very well from the beginning of the season. "He scored a great goal. I think his performance was very good and I think it's an option for the national coach and I'm very happy to have Clyney in our team because he brings a lot of experience. "He brings a lot of spirit and I like to have and play with offensive full-backs. He shows that quality and it's very important for the team."
A child welfare agency and hospital in Pennsylvania have paid Elizabeth Mort $143,500 (Â£94,500) for the mistake. Her three-day old daughter, Isabella, was removed from her for five days in April 2010. The lawsuit argued that the opiate test in question had a far lower threshold than federal guidelines. Jameson Hospital failed to inform Ms Mort that she had failed the test, then reported it to Lawrence County children and youth services without a secondary test. "Elizabeth Mort never imagined that the last thing she ate before giving birth to her daughter - a poppy seed bagel - would lead to the loss of her newborn, but that is exactly what happened after the Jameson Health System failed to account for the possibility that her positive urine drug screen was due to her ingestion of poppy seeds," the lawsuit said. Child welfare officials arrived the day after the family returned from hospital with an emergency protective custody order and took Isabella. She was later returned after the agency could find no evidence Ms Mort had used illegal drugs. The lawsuit, which was filed on her behalf by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), was settled on Tuesday. ACLU officials said Jameson had changed its policy to ensure newborns were not taken from parents solely on the basis of maternal drug test results. "We hope that this case will encourage hospitals that routinely test pregnant women for drug use to reconsider that practice due to the harm that can result from false positives," said ACLU lawyer Sara Rose.
Off the court, where she makes the bulk of her earnings, the question is - can she be as big a sponsor draw as she was before her enforced absence? The 29-year-old will return to action on Wednesday, 26 April, in Stuttgart after being handed a wildcard. Although some fellow players have expressed misgivings, she has the support of the WTA tour, and her fans. And, with biggest commercial rival Serena Williams announcing she is pregnant and facing time away from the game, the Russian's return is certainly timely. In the year from June 2015, Forbes estimates the five-time Grand Slam winner made $1.9m (Â£1.5m) in prize money from playing, but a whopping $20m from endorsements, a sum matched only by Williams. And it is this primary source of earnings that Sharapova will be looking to reinvigorate. "During her time out there will have been some continued relationship with her sponsors," says Simon Chadwick, professor of sports enterprise at the University of Salford. "But I am sure there will have been some sort of penalty clause in her sponsor contracts for incurring a suspension." Following Sharapova's admission in March 2016 that she had tested positive for a banned drug at that year's Australian Open, she was initially banned by the International Tennis Federation for two years, later reduced on appeal. But unlike golfer Tiger Woods, who haemorrhaged sponsors very quickly after his extra-marital affairs came to light, Sharapova's backers waited to see how things played out. "That was because they had invested so much money and effort into their deals," says Prof Chadwick. "Also, to terminate deals could have been dangerous as she might come back successfully, and if you as a sponsor have decided to cancel her contract then the door has been left wide open for a rival." As it was the sponsor reaction was mixed - Head and Evian were immediately supportive, Nike and Porsche put their relationships on hold but later came back on board, while Tag Heuer and Avon chose not to extend deals that had ended. Given the large amounts of money and time invested - Nike's relationship with the player dates back to when she was 11 years old - it is not surprising the major brands wanted to think hard before reaching their decisions. "In terms of brands and reputation, what all this has highlighted is that first of all Sharapova is a major brand in her own right," says Karen Earl, chairman of the European Sponsorship Association. "She commands a lot of media attention, as the furore about her comeback demonstrates. It also highlights that she is a huge star, and that women's tennis feels it needs her. "That is one of the reasons why brands want to continue to associate with her. Those that stuck with her value the association of her brand with their brands." Mrs Earl says the fact that Sharapova immediately put her hand up and admitted the drugs breach helped mitigate the damage to her brand, and those of her partners. "Sharapova admitted she had done a wrong thing. "She has gone out of her way to recognise what she has done and has handled that situation in a credible way. She has been contrite and said it will not happen again," says Mrs Earl. "The fact there hasn't been a public outcry against her return will have reassured brands to stick with her. "If there had been protests from tennis fans, then that might have influenced her sponsors' decisions." Prof Chadwick says Sharapova's management and advisers, those who look after her profile, grabbed hold of a difficult situation very quickly. He believes the Russian is now pushing at an open door with regards to her return to the sport, with WTA boss Steve Simon quoted as saying: "I believe that the game, the fans, the tour... everybody is going to welcome Maria back." Even before Serena Williams' pregnancy announcement, Prof Chadwick says that the sport was struggling to find an heir apparent at the top of the women's game. "There is not a great deal of highest-quality talent following on behind," he says. "Nobody seems to be able to string together a consistent run of results. Women's tennis needs all the help it can get in terms of heroes, big names, elite talent to attract fans to the sport. "As a constellation of female tennis player brands, the sport has been somewhat diminished by Sharapova's absence." Mrs Earl points out that while many players have not taken too kindly to Sharapova's return, for her sponsors the important thing is the welcome she will receive from her fans, who are potential purchasers of their products. "The sponsors are not endorsing her because she has been the most successful player, it is because of what she brings off the court," she says. "Her persona and brand are what is most important. She knows how to market herself. She is commercially astute. "To her credit, even after her time away, she is still probably the most marketable female tennis player."
Media playback is not supported on this device Inst led 6-3 at the break thanks to two Hume penalties while John Crowther slotted over a Campbell penalty. Campbell piled on the pressure in the second half but could not find a way through a resolute RBAI defence, even when Mark Keane was yellow-carded. Hume sprinted clear from deep in his own half to run in a try, which he converted in the game's final action. Campbell will rue missed opportunities during the St Patrick's Day decider in a sun-kissed Belfast. They dominated the latter stages of the first half and entire second period. Penalty opportunities were turned down in favour of going for a try but they were thwarted by handling errors and Inst defending. Campbell launched a final attack but Hume collected from a bouncing ball and raced away to seal a second straight Schools' Cup triumph. RBAI captain Conor Field said: "I can't describe my feelings after that but I am so proud of the boys. "Credit must go to Campbell as they put us under so much pressure although we defended strongly throughout the game. "To see James run clear to win it for us so late in the match was absolutely brilliant."
It puts new, lower limits on the size of each country's nuclear arsenal, and updates the verification mechanism. There are limits on warheads and on launchers, which must be implemented within seven years of the treaty's entry into force. Warheads: Under the New Start treaty each side is allowed a maximum of 1,550 warheads. This is about 30% lower than the figure of 2,200 that each side was meant to reach by 2012 under the Start treaty (as revised in the 2002 Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty). Launchers: Each country is allowed, in total, no more than 700 deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles, submarine-launched ballistic missiles, and heavy bombers equipped for nuclear arms. Another 100 are allowed if they are not operationally deployed - for example, missiles removed from a sub undergoing a long-term overhaul. The new limit on delivery systems is less than half the ceiling of 1,600 specified in the original Start treaty. Not as dramatic as they might appear. The rules for counting warheads contain a big loophole. While each warhead on a ballistic missile is counted as one warhead, a heavy bomber is counted as carrying "one warhead" even though it may carry (in the case of a US B-52) up to 20 of them. According to the Arms Control Association, a pro-disarmament pressure group, the US could theoretically meet the new limits by cutting just 100 warheads, while Russia would only need to cut 190. In addition, the agreed ceilings refer to deployed warheads, not to warheads in storage. A warhead could, in theory, be put into storage, and then redeployed when needed. The cuts in launchers are also, in practice, not all that challenging. The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists estimates that Russia currently has 566 - well under the permitted ceiling of 700. It estimates that the US has 798, necessitating a cut of about 12%. Supporters of the deal say that while it does not make big cuts, it is a useful confidence-building measure, which could pave the way for further nuclear deals with Russia. They say it also signals to the rest of the world that the US and Russia are not ignoring their commitment under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty to progressively disarm. The important difference, according to the Arms Control Association, is that each side will now be able to carry out on-site inspections to verify how many warheads a missile is carrying. Together with satellite imagery, this should give an accurate picture of the other country's nuclear strength. Some other forms of verification will cease. Yes, it says that both sides can engage in "limited" missile defence. Russia has warned that it will withdraw from the treaty if a future US missile defence shield weakens its nuclear deterrent. The US Senate ratified it on 22 December, after much delay, so now all it needs is Russia's final approval. Russia's parliament, the Duma, is expected to ratify it - and the process may begin on 24 December. The US wants further cuts in strategic nuclear arms, but is also keen to negotiate a reduction in Russia's short-range nuclear missile arsenal. Russia wants the US to remove its 200 nuclear bombs from Europe (based in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium and Turkey) and would like to restrict the US's ability to put conventional warheads on long-range missiles.
In April 2014 Jack Sexty completed the Greater Manchester Marathon on a pogo stick in 16 hours and 24 minutes. But earlier this month the course was found to be 380m too short and all timings for the 2013, 2014 and 2015 events were declared null and void. Guinness World Records said the record Mr Sexty set will no longer stand. "We would invite Jack to go for the record again in the future and we hope this won't deter him from breaking records in the future," a spokesman said. Mr Sexty, from Bristol, said he "wouldn't be losing any sleep" over the decision. He said in reality he believed he had done more than a marathon because of having to hop on and off pavements. "I have video of the event and if Guinness want to watch all 16 odd hours they are more than welcome. "I still have the record for the most distance bounced in 24 hours. That was the original record I was going for. "The only reason I had the fastest marathon record is because I'm the only person to have done it." Marathon courses are measured out using a bicycle fitted with a counter to calculate distance by the turning of the wheels. The Association of UK Course Measurers (AUKCM) said an accredited measurer had ridden the course in 2013 but indicated there had been an error in the calibration of the bicycle wheel. The mistake, caused by a measuring error, affected some 24,000 runners who competed in 2013, 2014 and 2015. Their timings are no longer recognised. A true marathon distance is 26 miles and 385 yards.
The 32-year-old damaged knee ligaments in the  at the end of December. "We're hoping I can feature in the pre-season block of games if all goes well," Sturgess said. I don't like sitting on the bench behind anybody so I definitely want to be fighting for the position "I'm 16 weeks post-op and I'm running and doing really good leg weights again and progressing next week to off-line running and upping the load a bit." Sturgess has had a difficult couple of seasons with injury, having missed a large chunk of the 2012-13 campaign Next season will be his eighth at Sandy Park after joining Exeter from Connacht in 2007. "One of the disappointing things about the injury is that I wasn't able to get the starting jersey back. "You're not guaranteed your place, but after previous seasons you may feel you're going into the next season holding the jersey," he said. "This season I definitely know I'm going in as second choice and will need a good pre-season and perform in the pre-season games to try to get my place back. "I don't like sitting on the bench behind anybody so I definitely want to be fighting for the position."
Keepers at Drusillas Park in Alfriston could not work out why Sofia and male Tupee had failed to bond since being introduced to each other in 2011. Head keeper Mark Kenward said it was not easy to establish the sex of a sloth and medical records had shown Sofia was female when she arrived. "We are going to have to find a more suitable name for Sofia," he said. It is likely that either Tupee or Sofia will now be re-homed to another zoo, and another female introduced. Mr Kenward said: "We had never looked after sloths before and were relying on the information provided. "Unfortunately we cannot keep our two boys together and it would also be a waste of their breeding potential." After enlisting the help of Bristol Zoo, Mr Kenward said it all made "perfect sense" given the problems they had been experiencing with the animals.
Sophie Burgess, who was 11 months old, had a seizure on 16 June last year. She was taken to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, and died after an overdose of the anti-seizure drug phenytoin. Surrey Police asked the Woking coroner to halt the inquest to allow officers to re-examine the case after fresh expert evidence emerged at the hearing. During the last two months of her life, Sophie suffered a series of seizures triggered by a reaction to infections. The inquest heard this week that Dr Lojein Hatahet and paediatric consultant Dr Fiona MacCarthy had attempted to administer the anti-seizure drug using an automated syringe-driver. It failed to work and it was decided Dr Hatahet would administer the drug from a handheld syringe, despite the protests of nurse Polly Leavold, who said the drug was not needed and that giving it by hand was against the hospital's protocol. A Surrey Police spokesman said the investigation into the circumstances of the baby's death would be re-examined "in light of new expert testimony presented at the coroner's court". "We are keeping an open mind, and it would be inappropriate to comment further."
The Roslea surgery closed last week, leaving the village without a doctor for the first time in 100 years. Several hundred people who attended the meeting were told that no doctors applied to take over the contract. Patients will now have to travel to the health centre in Lisnaskea. "It will have a very, very serious impact on me because we have a member of the family who isn't in very good health," said Rosemary Mulligan. "I have to go to the doctor a lot about this person and then have to go on a round trip of over 30 miles for any medication or anything I need." She added: "We had a lovely doctors and everything was going well and they were coming from Lisnaskea and we were happy enough and now its gone. We're angry and we're sad." Jimmy Flynn had a hip replacement in November said it was "a terrible mistake that we haven't got a surgery". "I'm 87 years of age and it's not a good idea for me to have to drive down to Lisnaskea. "We're hoping that this meeting will maybe entice somebody to come back here to Roslea." Ann Began said it will lead to increased waiting times for appointments. "You could be waiting three weeks if you want to see a particular doctor," she said. "I think it's terrible because the area goes right out to the border and old people are going to have to travel and they mightn't have transport. "Not everybody can drive. I just think it's awful." Representatives from the Health and Social Care Board said they had found it increasingly difficult to replace retiring GPs in rural practices, as doctors no longer want to work on their own. They said this contrasted to the situation 20 years ago when there were about 40 applicants for a GP post in the nearby village of Newtownbutler. Maple Health Care has taken over the patients of three single-handed practices in Roslea, Newtownbutler and Lisnaskea. Dr Sloan Harper, director of integrated care at the Health and Social Care Board, said the temporary model of a GP from Lisnaskea providing services in Roslea for part of the week was not sustainable in the long term. "It will mean some inconvenience, unfortunately, for a small number of patients living in the Roslea area and the board is disappointed that we haven't been able to continue that service," said Dr Harper. "The doctors working here are taking on a major change process, going from a practice of 8,500 to 14,500 patients, taking over three practices. "So it felt safer and more sustainable for them to work out of two sites, and so Newtownbutler - being the larger premises and having better car park arrangement - was felt to be doable. "To spread their medical and nursing workforce, its not just about a doctor going down there... it was felt that was too big a stretch and so we feel the current arrangement is the best option available." Dr John Porteous from Maple Health Care in Lisnaskea, who has been a GP in Fermanagh for 29 years ,said there were so many GP vacancies that "the least attractive practices just have no hope whatsoever". He added that for newly-qualified doctors, working alone in a small surgery in an isolated community would not be viewed as a "comfortable experience". They would prefer to work somewhere "where they can share the responsibility, where there would be safety if something were to go wrong", he added. "They've come through training practices where there would be quite a number of doctor and nurse colleagues, there would be lots of extra help on site. "I'm a Fermanagh man all my life and my own dad was a single-handed GP for many years and, of its time, it was a good model but practice has become so complicated and the pressures are so high that I think you're going to find increasingly doctors are going to come together and form larger groups. "Almost inevitably that will mean small villages will no longer have the local surgery and you will have fewer, larger health centre hubs."
The striker hammered home a low right-footed shot from 15 yards out after Byron Moore's pass across the box had created the opportunity. It proved the decisive moment of a low-key contest. Both goalkeepers made fine second-half saves, Oldham's Connor Ripley keeping out a stinging drive from Stuart Sinclair and Rovers' Joe Lumley diving to keep out a Lee Erwin volley. A drab first half featured nothing more than long-range efforts from both teams. Rovers midfielder Billy Bodin produced two of them, but on each occasion was denied by Ripley. Harrison also brought a save from Ripley, while - at the other end - Oldham's Tope Obadeyi fired straight at Lumley and as Erwin shot wide. Rovers edged a close contest and left Oldham with nothing to show for a spirited performance. Match report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Bristol Rovers 1, Oldham Athletic 0. Second Half ends, Bristol Rovers 1, Oldham Athletic 0. Attempt blocked. Chris Taylor (Oldham Athletic) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Billy Bodin (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ousmane Fane (Oldham Athletic). Delay in match Billy Bodin (Bristol Rovers) because of an injury. Attempt missed. Ryan Flynn (Oldham Athletic) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. Foul by Ryan Broom (Bristol Rovers). Ryan McLaughlin (Oldham Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Robert Harris (Bristol Rovers). Ryan McLaughlin (Oldham Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Oldham Athletic. Lee Croft replaces Oliver Banks. Robert Harris (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Ryan Flynn (Oldham Athletic). Corner,  Oldham Athletic. Conceded by Tom Lockyer. Corner,  Oldham Athletic. Conceded by Ellis Harrison. Corner,  Oldham Athletic. Conceded by Ryan Sweeney. Jermaine Easter (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Brian Wilson (Oldham Athletic). Corner,  Oldham Athletic. Conceded by Joe Lumley. Attempt saved. Lee Erwin (Oldham Athletic) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner. Corner,  Oldham Athletic. Conceded by Stuart Sinclair. Goal!  Bristol Rovers 1, Oldham Athletic 0. Ellis Harrison (Bristol Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Byron Moore. Attempt saved. Stuart Sinclair (Bristol Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Robert Harris (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Lee Erwin (Oldham Athletic). Substitution, Bristol Rovers. Ryan Broom replaces Joe Partington. Attempt missed. Byron Moore (Bristol Rovers) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. Substitution, Oldham Athletic. Ousmane Fane replaces Aiden O'Neill. Substitution, Oldham Athletic. Paul Green replaces Tope Obadeyi. Byron Moore (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Ryan Flynn (Oldham Athletic). Stuart Sinclair (Bristol Rovers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Stuart Sinclair (Bristol Rovers). Tope Obadeyi (Oldham Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Oldham Athletic. Conceded by Stuart Sinclair. Jermaine Easter (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Aiden O'Neill (Oldham Athletic). Substitution, Bristol Rovers. Jermaine Easter replaces Luke James. Substitution, Bristol Rovers. Byron Moore replaces Cristian Montaño.
The Houthi delegation, which was due to arrive on Sunday, was still in Djibouti in east Africa on Monday evening. Mr Ban warned that "while the parties bicker, Yemen burns" and urged an immediate humanitarian ceasefire. An estimated 20 million Yemenis are in need of aid following months of fighting in the country. The humanitarian situation has been described as "catastrophic" by the UN, with more than 2,000 people killed in the conflict. Opening the talks, Mr Ban said: "Today Yemen's very existence hangs in the balance." He urged action on three main areas: "First, a renewed humanitarian pause to allow critical assistance to reach all Yemenis in need and provide a respite for Yemenis as the holy month of Ramadan begins. "Second, I urge the parties to reach agreement on local ceasefires. Third, I call on them to resume a peaceful and orderly political transition and to ensure that the process includes more representation from other political parties, women, youth and civil society." The BBC's Imogen Foulkes in Geneva said the Houthi representatives were apparently delayed over what airspace their plane could fly through. She said that the confusion did not bode well for the talks. A Saudi-led coalition of Arab states has been bombing the Houthi rebels and their allies since March. The bombing campaign was launched to support Yemeni President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi, who escaped to the Saudi capital, Riyadh, when the Houthis advanced on his stronghold in Aden in southern Yemen. In recent weeks, fighting between Saudi forces and the Houthis has intensified on Yemen's border with Saudi Arabia. On Saturday, Saudi Arabia claimed to have shot down a Scud missile fired by the Houthis. The attack followed fighting on the border on Friday, in which four Saudi soldiers and a number of Yemeni rebels died. On the same day, bombs hit the Old City of Yemen's capital, Sanaa, killing five people according to local sources.
Northumbrian Water, which supplies water across the north-east of England, is expanding its cohort of water rangers. It is recruiting new volunteers to walk by streams, becks, burns and bathing waters which are prone to pollution and report back on their condition. The company's wastewater director, Richard Warneford, said the scheme had been "hugely successful" "[It] has helped us to spot and deal with potential threats to the environment at the earliest possible opportunity on a number of occasions," he said. New routes have been added in Northumberland, Tyneside, County Durham and Teesside. The rangers are trained in environmental issues and what to look out for when monitoring watercourses. The new routes are situated in:
Michael March banged the weapon on the floor to scare a couple walking past a pub in South Shields in October 2016. Prosecutors said the offence was carried out during the "killer clown" craze. The 18-year-old admitted possessing a bladed article at South Tyneside Magistrates' Court. He was bailed and will be sentenced at Newcastle Crown Court on 6 February. Paul Anderson, for the Crown, said March - who was 17 at the time - carried out the offence the night before Halloween. He had waited for the couple outside the Sand Dancer pub and struck the floor with the axe to frighten them. The woman, who was 22 weeks pregnant, picked up a brick and threw it at him. Mr Anderson said: "[March] tried to explain it was a prank and ran off in something of a panic. "He said it was all meant to be a joke that went badly wrong." March, of Hopedene, Gateshead, was traced by police via CCTV and still had the axe and the mask in his backpack. Magistrates heard he told police: "I'm sorry, I was not going to hurt her."
The Markit construction purchasing managers' index (PMI) fell to 55 from 57.8 - well below the 57.5 forecast by economists. The figure contrasted with a stronger-than-expected start for the manufacturing sector published on Monday. Factory output rose from 52.1 in December to 52.9 in January. Any figure above 50 indicates growth in the sector. Markit economist Tim Moore said construction firms were struggling for momentum, with increased economic uncertainty holding back new orders and contributing to one of the weakest rises in output levels since summer 2013. "Taken together with the slowdown in new order growth, the latest survey suggests that construction companies are braced for a relatively subdued first quarter," he said. David Noble, chief executive of the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply, which compiles the survey along with Markit, said a shortage of bricks and blocks contributed to the slowdown. Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said weakness in construction orders and a downturn in public sector infrastructure work, which accounts for about a quarter of total construction and is not covered by the PMI, suggested the sector would post only "lacklustre growth" this year. Optimism among construction companies waned to its lowest level since December 2014, the survey showed. "Some firms highlighted concerns that underlying demand conditions had started to soften," Markit said. Analysts use the PMI surveys for early signals about the economy. However, the construction sector figures have been at odds with data used in official growth figures in recent months. Growth in the dominant UK service sector fell slightly in December to 55.5 in December, down from 59.9 in November, but remained above average.
That is a key department policy which decides whether schools should close or not. The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said that the policy is undermined by "flawed and inaccurate data". Education Minister John O'Dowd said he would consider what additional action, if any, needed to be taken. He said: "The sustainable schools policy has been tested in court on several occasions and found to be a competent policy upon which to make decisions both about the future of individual schools and area planning more widely. "I have already accepted the eight recommendations within the Northern Ireland Audit Office report and these are being progressed by my department." The policy is also used to plan educational provision across Northern Ireland. The PAC also said that the number of empty places in schools in Northern Ireland is "likely to be overstated". A Northern Ireland Audit Office (NIAO) report previously found the number of empty places totalled over 71,000, about 20% of capacity. However, the NIAO also said that the department did not have a standard method for calculating school capacity. The PAC said it was "unacceptable" that the department could not provide accurate numbers of surplus places. The committee is calling for up-to-date school enrolment figures to be gathered "as a matter of urgency". The PAC report also said the department took too long to take decisions on whether to close schools, and whether suspended teachers should be dismissed. It found that 106 teachers had been suspended during the past five years, but only six had been dismissed. The department paid Â£4.2m on wages, national insurance and pension contributions for suspended teachers during that period. The committee also concluded that Northern Ireland's education system was still failing too many young people.
Robyn Malcolm had been photographing a pod of whales on a feeding frenzy 500km (310 miles) south of Sydney. But she only realised she had taken the unusual picture when she went through the photos later, she told the Sydney Morning Herald. Animal experts say that witnessing such a partnership is rare. New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife whale expert Geoff Ross told the paper the coupling was very rare but he had heard of it happening once before. "The only other time was a seal trying to get away from a killer whale. The seal hopped on the back of the pectoral fins of a humpback whale," he said. Ms Malcolm insisted that the photo was not doctored. "I'm positive, because I don't know how to use Photoshop. And I do still have it on the camera so I can prove it," she told the newspaper. The meeting of seal and whale is the latest in a series of serendipitous animal piggyback rides which have been captured this year. In March, amateur photographer Martin Le-May shot this picture of a weasel clinging on to the back of a woodpecker at Hornchurch Country Park in east London. In June, a family walking in a forest in central Florida spotted this raccoon hitching a ride on the back of an alligator. Mr Richard Jones told local television station WFTV that he "snapped a lucky picture right when the gator slipped into the water and before the raccoon jumped off and scurried away".
That is the view of the organisation representing micro breweries which says the thirst for craft beer in pubs and beyond shows no signs of drying up. It comes as the number of traditional pubs have declined, with a pub closing every couple of days in Wales. But the number of breweries has doubled in the past five years to 88. "It's growing really rapidly," said Buster Grant, chairman of Drinks Wales, which represents independent brewers as well as cider and wine producers. Welsh brewers are set to showcase their beers at two key events. There is Cardiff Brew Fest this weekend and a three-day festival in London next month will feature 100 Welsh beers and ciders. Mr Grant, managing director of Brecon Brewery, said: "There's a growth of craft beer in places like Cardiff where people like stronger, hoppier beers and more extreme flavours but also there's still growth in more traditional ales. "In an age of austerity, people are not going out quite as much but when they do they're seeking out something different; they're a little bit more picky about where they go and are prepared to pay a little bit more." He said Welsh brewers are taking their beers across the UK and looking abroad. At home, 20 small Welsh breweries now have their own pubs. Four micro breweries -  Bragdy Nant, Bragdy Conwy, Purple Moose and Great Orme - got together to reopen one pub in Conwy three years ago and recently bought two more. Bragdy Conwy employs nine people and has enjoyed 20% year-on-year growth, supplying supermarkets, bars, restaurants and pubs. Owner and head brewer Gwynne Thomas said it was difficult to predict the industry's future. "About 2008, during the financial crisis, I thought we'd reached saturation point but the last few years growth has accelerated. "It's a relatively straightforward but there are people who are good at the technical side of brewing but haven't got the organisational side right. You have to be strong at both." Q&A: Real ale? Craft beer? Confused? The Campaign for Real Ale (Camra) included 14 new Welsh breweries in its annual beer guide last year. This is set against a background of a pub closures, which is running at a net loss of about 10 a month in Wales. Spokesman Neil Walker said the boom in people setting up their own micro breweries or finding work in the industry "can only be good news for the future of beer and pubs" .
Police said the six Liverpool men were ruthless and petrified their victims in 23 robberies between 2008 and 2015. Ian Stewart, Kieron Whittle, John Stewart, Alan Lea, Shaun McDonald and Gary McNeill were sentenced to between 12 and 16 years in prison. All pleaded guilty at Liverpool Crown Court to conspiracy to commit robbery. Police said the gang wore masks and either used "brute force" to force their way into premises or removed roof tiles to allow them to drop down through the ceiling. Most of the raids - which happened in Sefton, St Helens, Wirral, Liverpool, Warrington, Neston, Birkenhead, Bootle, Southport, Hull and Sutton - occurred when staff were either opening or cashing up. The gang members were given the following sentences: Det Insp Mike Dalton of Merseyside Police said: "This gang enjoyed a criminal lifestyle on the back of the misery of many decent, hard-working people who were simply doing their job when these men burst in and changed their lives forever. "This gang was completely ruthless in what they did. "They did not care who they harmed or what damage they caused as long as they got the money." He said: "Innocent members of staff who were petrified at the time have remained too traumatised to return to work. "A young mum was robbed of the enjoyment that having a young baby brings. "Another who had a baby long after the robbery feared the stress she still felt could harm her unborn child."
The SFO says the probe is "into suspected corruption in the conduct of business in the Republic of Guinea by the Rio Tinto group, its employees and others associated with it". It is asking anyone with relevant information to get in touch. Rio Tinto says it "will fully co-operate" with the investigation. The firm employs 50,000 people in 35 countries across six continents. Last October the mining firm agreed to sell its entire stake in the Simandou iron ore project in the west African country to Chinese firm Chinalco for between $1.1bn and $1.3bn. The following month, Rio Tinto said it had contacted regulatory authorities in the UK and US over certain consultancy payments made in 2011 with regard to the Simandou project. In a statement the company said:  "Rio Tinto will fully co-operate with the Serious Fraud Office and any other relevant authorities, as it has done since it self-reported in November 2016."
Their study, published in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine, argued elderly people had the least to gain. The team at University College London (UCL) has called on doctors to discuss the risks more clearly with patients. The charity Diabetes UK said doctors needed to strike a careful balance when prescribing treatment. Type-2 diabetes is an inability to control blood sugar levels and is linked to lifestyle factors including diet and obesity. In the long-term it is linked to heart disease, kidney damage, nerve damage and even blindness. Drugs such as metformin can be used to lower blood sugar levels to prevent the side effects. The report, which was carried out by the University of Michigan as well as UCL, said an average 45-year-old who dropped their blood sugar levels by one percentage point would gain 10 months of healthy life, compared with three weeks for a 75-year-old starting treatment. It added this needed to be balanced against the down-sides to a lifetime of medication including: Having to have multiple injections and blood sugar tests each day, drugs causing indigestion or sickness, or insulin treatments risking blood sugar levels dropping dangerously low (hypoglycaemia). One of the report's authors, Prof John Yudkin, told the BBC: "What it means is if you're someone with type-2, it's your right to know what the benefits of the treatment are in terms of gain in life expectancy or reduction in heart attacks or going blind. "And then you are entitled to decide, but not many doctors have got those figures to hand." He said GPs were too "target focussed" and were often looking only at the blood sugar level. The findings do not apply to people with type-1 diabetes. Commenting on the report, Simon O'Neill, the director for health intelligence at Diabetes UK, said: "Sometimes there is a balance to be struck where certain medications might help give someone a longer life, but also cause side effects that might negatively impact on quality of life. "This study highlights the importance of looking at the individual needs of the person with type-2 diabetes, rather than adopting a blanket approach." Patients are advised not to make any decisions without consulting their GP. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, which advises the NHS on medication, said: "The current NICE guidance on the management of type-2 diabetes recognises that glycaemic [sugar] control targets should not impair a person's quality of life as a result of the side effects of treatment. "Where medication does not help achieve this target level, lifestyle therapies such as dietary advice should be offered." Refreshed guidelines are due to be published next summer.
Abdul Hakim Belhaj claims the UK government helped to arrange for him to be forcibly transported from China to Libya in 2004, just as he was about to fly to London to claim asylum. Mr Belhaj says he was then tortured as he had opposed the Gaddafi regime. Last December, the High Court found the claims were beyond its jurisdiction. At last year's hearing, the judge, Mr Justice Simon, said Abdul-Hakim Belhaj had a "well-founded claim" but pursuing it would jeopardise national security. Lawyers for Mr Belhaj have now taken the case to the Court of Appeal, where Richard Hermer QC said Mr Belhaj and his wife believed "the UK played a key role in their mistreatment and wish to pursue a remedy against the UK and its officials for that". Mr Belhaj, one of the leaders of the uprising against Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, says he was abducted - along with his pregnant wife, Fatima Boudchar - in China in 2004 as he was about to fly to London to claim asylum. He alleged the UK had tipped off Libyan intelligence services and helped the US arrange his rendition. After he was returned to Libya, Mr Belhaj spent six years in jail, while his wife was released shortly before giving birth. The couple had been attempting to bring a case against former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw and former senior MI6 official Sir Mark Allen. The High Court ruled that because most of the claims related to officials in China, Malaysia, Thailand and Libya the allegations were "non-justiciable" in the UK. Analysis By Dominic Casciani This case matters for one simple reason: it involves allegations that the UK colluded in handing over a man to a regime that tortured him. And a decade on from these events we are still no closer to finding out exactly what happened. The government has settled similar claims from former Guantanamo Bay inmates at a cost of millions of pounds - but a planned judge-led inquiry into these issues was scrapped. That judge, Sir Peter Gibson, said there needs to be further investigation into complicity in rendition and torture - and the task was handed to Parliamentarians on the Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC). Critics believe the ISC isn't equipped to get the answers - an accusation the committee would deny - but that's another reason why the Belhaj case is so important. However, addressing the Court of Appeal, Mr Hermer, representing Mr Belhaj, said the court was "constitutionally competent" to deal with the case. "This court is the only forum in which remedies could possibly be obtained for those acts and omissions of the UK executive and its officials. "If it can't be heard before this court, it will not be heard anywhere else as the principle of state immunity means it is highly unlikely that proceedings could be brought against UK officials in any other jurisdiction," he said Mr Hermer said the case had "profound and far-reaching" implications for the rule of law in a world in which counter-terrorism was being fought by international co-operation. The effect of the High Court decision was that the state was to be placed above the law, he said. The contested hearing is expected to last three days. Mr Belhaj is now the leader of Libyan Islamist party Al-Watan.
The quake happened at about 21:10 local time on Friday (04:10 GMT on Saturday) and its epicentre was 1 mile (2km) east of the town of La Habra. There were no immediate reports of significant damage or injuries. A 4.4-magnitude quake was felt near Los Angeles earlier this month, rattling nerves but causing no major damage. The latest earthquake was shallow at only 1.2 miles (2km) deep, according to the USGS. It was felt across four counties, from Palm Springs in the east and Ventura County to the north, Reuters news agency reported. The Los Angeles Fire Department said it was checking buildings and transport infrastructure for damage. It said the quake was a reminder for people to be prepared. The San Andreas fault, on the edge of the Pacific tectonic plate, runs directly through California, and the western US state has long braced for a devastating quake. The 1994 Northridge quake, at 6.7 magnitude, left at least 60 people dead. A 6.9-magnitude quake in San Francisco five years earlier killed 67 people.
The Kurdish Peshmerga had held 20% of the town since December 2014, and although there had been daily fighting since then, the two sides had been at a stalemate. Since Thursday, though, the Kurdish forces - backed by US air strikes - have made important ground, cutting early on the Highway 47 which passes Sinjar, the main supply line between IS' self-styled capital of Raqqa in Syria and Mosul in northern Iraq. Capturing Sinjar will not only secure the highway, but the road south of Sinjar, towards the IS-held town of Baaj, is also reported to be under control of the Peshmerga forces. This is supposed to provide a buffer zone large enough to keep Sinjar safe in the near future. However, it is by no means preventing IS from using scores of small countryside roads south of Sinjar that are still available until the winter weather makes them unusable. The next step has to be against the IS-held town of Tal Afar, and then Mosul. If not, Sinjar will always face attacks from those points. Yet, if Sinjar is de facto Kurdish territory, Tal Afar and Mosul are not. Profile: Who are the Peshmerga? Who are the Yazidis? Tal Afar is populated with Arabs and Turkmen: this means that the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) will not have any strategic interest in liberating and holding an area to which it has no claim. The same goes for Mosul and Baaj. While KRG President Massoud Barzani has repeatedly hinted that his government would contribute to the retaking of Mosul, recapturing an Arab city could be perceived as an act of Kurdish aggression against Arabs, raising tensions with the Baghdad government and potentially harming the Kurdish minority that has continued to live in Mosul since IS took it. Tactically, the town of Baaj, situated on higher grounds than Sinjar, will remain a perfect spot to target Sinjar. Since the Peshmerga do not possess long-range missiles, how will they be able to create a strong enough buffer zone for the 3,000 Yazidis trapped on the mountain for more than a year to be able to safely return and live in their homes? Moreover, as the IS frontline has been dissolved in Sinjar, IS is likely to return to its next best tactic: sending armoured vehicles packed with explosives to Peshmerga positions. Once again, the Peshmerga are underequipped to face this daily threat. The impending attack on Sinjar was an open secret. Two weeks ago, I witnessed long military convoys that were already on their way to retake the town, only to be derailed by a claim by Peshmerga rivals - Turkey's Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) rebels based in northern Iraq that it had already been recaptured from IS. The claim did not just halt Peshmerga operations: it gave ample time for IS fighters to prepare and tactically retreat from Sinjar, just as they did in Tikrit last spring, only to take Ramadi a few weeks later. The PKK is not the only local force that might get in the way of the Peshmerga as they seek to sustain their war effort. Local Arab populations fear that retributions might take place against them from the Yazidi militias that have been randomly formed since the occupation of Sinjar Mountain in August 2014. When the Mosul Dam and the Zummar areas were recaptured from IS in late 2014, Yazidi militias kidnapped Arab women, drove villagers away and looted properties. There have been reports of more revenge attacks this year. While KRG security forces have been trying to maintain civil peace in the area, those events have eroded social cohesion, which could sow the seeds of future ethnic conflicts. Iraq: The minorities of Nineveh Dr Victoria Fontan is also Director of the Center for Peace and Human Security at the American University of Kurdistan. Follow her on Twitter
The prisoner swap came after secret talks between the US government and the Taliban, brokered by Qatar. Bergdahl was serving with an Alaska-based infantry regiment in Paktika province near the Pakistani border and went missing on 30 June 2009, five months after being deployed to Afghanistan. The circumstances of his capture remain murky, with speculation he may have walked away from his base out of disillusionment with the US campaign.  In March 2015, he was charged with desertion and misbehaviour before the enemy. The US believes he was across the frontier in Pakistan for most of his captivity, reportedly held by the Haqqani network, which operates in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region and is allied to the Afghan Taliban. Profile: Sgt Bowe Bergdahl The circumstances of Sgt Bergdahl's capture in 2009 remain unclear, although a Pentagon investigation a year later concluded he left his post in Paktika Province without authorisation, according to a Pentagon official speaking to Associated Press news agency. Several commentators and soldiers have branded him a deserter and called for him to be punished. The New York Times said on his disappearance in 2009 had noted he had left military areas before, during a training programme in California and an Afghan outpost, but returned each time. US officials told the newspaper the report did not conclude whether Sgt Bergdahl had intended to permanently desert the military. The US military's top-ranking officer, Gen Martin Dempsey, has that the Army would not ignore misconduct but that the 28-year-old was innocent until proven guilty. "When he is able to provide the facts, we'll learn what happened." The defence department opened up an investigation into his disappearance and capture, appointing a two-star general with combat experience in Afghanistan to lead the inquiry. Taliban officials say the 28-year-old was handed over near Khost, close to the the Afghan-Pakistan border, on the evening of 31 May. A several-dozen strong US special forces team flew in by helicopter and briefly met some 18 Taliban on the ground. The exchange, captured on video, shows Sgt Bergdahl sitting in a pick-up truck before being walked to the helicopter. Once the helicopter was in the air, Bergdahl wrote the letters "SF?" on a paper plate - an abbreviation for special forces - and reportedly broke down when the men responded: "Yes, we've been looking for you for a long time." Taliban release video of handover Sgt Bergdahl was the only US soldier being held by the enemy in the Afghan conflict, and Washington had long been seeking his release, spurred on by the "Standing with Bowe" campaign led by his parents in Hailey, Idaho. Negotiations for the US-Taliban prisoner swap began three years ago with US and Taliban officials meeting face-to-face in Qatar. But the talks did not move forward because the US were pushing for a wider peace process, while the Taliban wanted to limit the talks to a prisoner swap, Taliban sources told the BBC's David Loyn in Kabul. Direct negotiations broke down a year ago when the Afghan government opposed the opening of a Taliban office in Qatar, although secret talks continued, mediated by Qatar. The issue was given more impetus as plans solidified to pull nearly all American forces out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016. US sources say the breakthrough came when hardline Taliban leaders dropped their opposition to a swap. On Thursday, Mr Obama said Sgt Bergdahl's health was deteriorating and officials were "deeply concerned about it". But the prisoner swap was apparently sped up after US officials determined the Taliban would likely kill Sgt Bergdahl if any word of the deal was leaked, according to congressional and White House sources who spoke to the Associated Press. Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel told the BBC's Katty Kay he and other military chiefs based their decision "on the information that we had, that his life, his health, were in peril". His father Robert Bergdahl said Bowe was struggling to speak English after his long captivity. In an emotional White House lawn press conference with Barack Obama shortly after the release, Robert Bergdahl delivered his son a message in Pashto, the language of his captors. After immediate medical attention at a military hospital in Germany,  Sgt Bergdahl was flown to San Antonio, Texas, to continue treatment. On Friday, Army officials said he was in a "stable condition". He "looked good", was in uniform, and saluted, Maj Gen Joseph DiSalvo said. "He appeared just like any sergeant would when they see a two-star general - a little bit nervous," Gen DiSalvo said. "But he looked good, saluted, and had good deportment." Can you lose your language? The exchanged prisoners are Mohammad Fazl, Khirullah Khairkhwa, Abdul Haq Wasiq, Mullah Norullah Noori and Mohammad Nabi Omari. They are thought to be the most senior Afghans still held at Guantanamo, having been captured during America's military campaign in 2001. Fazl served as the Taliban's deputy defence minister and is accused of possible war crimes, including the murder of thousands of Shia Muslims. Khairkhwa served as interior minister and governor of Herat, Afghanistan's third largest city. He is alleged to have had direct links to Osama bin Laden. US President Barack Obama says Qatar has given assurances "that it will put in place measures to protect our national security". Under the deal, the five freed Taliban detainees will be banned from leaving Qatar for at least a year, meaning they cannot return to Afghanistan until after a majority of US forces have left. The Associated Press' Kathy Gannon, who was shot in Afghanistan while covering the recent elections, says the five men are important but not likely to change the balance of the war - and having been away from Afghanistan for more than a decade, they would not find Taliban foot soldiers very loyal. Some argue there is US precedent for this type of transfer, with Ronald Reagan's administration in 1985-86 reportedly winning the freedom of US hostages in Beirut in exchange for arms destined for Iran. But Mike Rogers, the Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, called it a fundamental shift in policy that would act as an incentive for further abductions of US personnel. Some US lawmakers have complained the swap breaches a law that Congress should be given 30 days' notification before Guantanamo Bay detainees are released. The White House says it took the chance to free Sgt Bergdahl in "unique and exigent circumstances". Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein, normally a White House ally, was enraged that the president had not notified her or the intelligence committee she leads, of the pending swap, although a White House official did call her on Monday to apologise for the delay. The US has a long-standing policy not to negotiate with those it deems terrorists and the prisoner swap has drawn criticism - especially from conservatives. Republican Senator John McCain told the BBC the swaps "threatened" US security, as the detainees released were too dangerous to be walking free, and would put other US military lives at risk. Other lawmakers have called for a inquiry into the administration and military's decision making process. But Mr Obama is publically unapologetic for the swap. "We saw an opportunity and we seized it," he said, adding "as commander-in-chief I am responsible for those kids". No Obama apology for Bergdahl deal Correspondents say it is unclear what impact the release will have on a wider peace process. The Afghan High Peace Council want talks with the Taliban to happen inside Afghanistan, and does not want to involve the Americans. Bowe Bergdahl returned to the US on 13 June 2014, arriving at a medical centre in Texas where he finished the last phase of his reintegration process. In his hometown of Hailey, Idaho, a rally scheduled months ahead was quickly turned into a homecoming event that was cancelled. City officials cited safety concerns, because of a large increase in the number of expected attendees, and local officials have received messages blasting the town for honouring Sgt Bergdahl's return. Sgt Bergdahl returned to active duty in July, working at a desk job at Joint Base San Antonio-Fort Sam Houston. In March 2015, he was charged with desertion with intent to shirk important or hazardous duty and misbehaviour before the enemy by endangering the safety of a command unit or place. A preliminary hearing will be heard in front of a judge at Fort Sam Houston. A date has not been set for that hearing. He faces up to five years in prison on the desertion charge and life in prison on the misbehaviour charge. How to 'reintegrate' a returning POW
It is an astonishing mass of material that has essentially been created only in the last 65 years or so. The 8.3 billion tonnes is as heavy as 25,000 Empire State Buildings in New York, or a billion elephants. The great issue is that plastic items, like packaging, tend to be used for very short periods before being discarded. More than 70% of the total production is now in waste streams, sent largely to landfill - although too much of it just litters the wider environment, including the oceans. "We are rapidly heading towards 'Planet Plastic', and if we don't want to live on that kind of world then we may have to rethink how we use some materials, in particular plastic," Dr Roland Geyer told BBC News. A paper authored by the industrial ecologist from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and colleagues appears in the journal Science Advances. It is described as the first truly global assessment of how much plastic has been manufactured, how the material in all its forms is used, and where it ends up. Here are some of its key numbers. There is no question that plastics are a wonder material. Their adaptability and durability have seen their production and use accelerate past most other manmade materials apart from steel, cement and brick. From the start of mass-manufacturing in the 1950s, the polymers are now all around us - incorporated into everything from food wrapping and clothing, to aeroplane parts and flame retardants. But it is precisely plastics' amazing qualities that now present a burgeoning problem. None of the commonly used plastics are biodegradable. The only way to permanently dispose of their waste is to destructively heat it - through a decomposition process known as pyrolysis or through simple incineration; although the latter is complicated by health and emissions concerns. In the meantime, the waste mounts up. There is enough plastic debris out there right now, Geyer and colleagues say, to cover an entire country the size of Argentina. The team's hope is that their new analysis will give added impetus to the conversation about how best to deal with the plastics issue. "Our mantra is you can't manage what you don't measure," Dr Geyer said. "So, our idea was to put the numbers out there without us telling the world what the world should be doing, but really just to start a real, concerted discussion." Recycling rates are increasing and novel chemistry has some biodegradable alternatives, but manufacturing new plastic is so cheap the virgin product is hard to dislodge. The same team - which includes Jenna Jambeck from the University of Georgia and Kara Lavender Law from the Sea Education Association at Woods Hole - produced the seminal report in 2015 that quantified the total amount of plastic waste escaping to the oceans each year: eight million tonnes. This particular waste flow is probably the one that has generated most concern of late because of the clear evidence now that some of this discarded material is getting into the food chain as fish and other marine creatures ingest small polymer fragments. Dr Erik van Sebille from Utrecht University in the Netherlands is an oceanographer who tracks plastics in our seas. Of the new report, he said: "We're facing a tsunami of plastic waste, and we need to deal with that. "The global waste industry needs to get its act together and make sure that the ever-increasing amounts of plastic waste generated don't end up in the environment. "We need a radical shift in how we deal with plastic waste. On current trends, it will take until 2060 before more plastic gets recycled than landfilled and lost to the environment. That clearly is too slow; we can't wait that long," he told BBC News. And Richard Thompson, professor of marine biology at Plymouth University, UK, commented: "If plastic products are designed with recyclability in mind they can be recycled many times over. Some would say a bottle could be recycled 20 times. That's a substantial reduction in waste. At the moment poor design limits us." To illustrate that point, Dr Geyer said: "The holy grail of recycling is to keep material in use and in the loop for ever if you can. But it turns out in our study that actually 90% of that material that did get recycled - which I think we calculated was 600 million tonnes - only got recycled once." Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Fury, 27, is the second Briton to win the award, after he shocked Ukrainian Wladimir Klitschko to claim the IBF, WBA and WBO titles in November. "I can't believe I've just won Ring magazine fighter of the year," Fury said. "I'm so flattered." The magazine said Fury's defeat of Klitschko "turned boxing's traditional glamour division upside down". Following his title win in Dusseldorf, Fury caused controversy over derogatory remarks he made about women, and for criticising homosexuality and abortion. Almost 140,000 people signed a petition calling for Fury to be removed from the BBC Sports Personality of the Year shortlist. Fury remained on the list and, during the show in December, apologised if any of his comments "hurt anybody". He finished fourth in the vote for the award, which was won by tennis player Andy Murray. American former WBC, WBA and IBF title-holder Mike Tyson said about Fury: "He is the best heavyweight champion of the world since myself. He is the man, I don't care what anybody says. "I know this is going to sound ignorant, he can say what he wants to say. You know who is going to look up to him? The people who never thought they had a chance in their life." Former world welterweight and light-welterweight champion Ricky Hatton, in 2005, is the only other Briton to win the Ring award.
Mr Justice Mostyn said the game could be said to be  a legitimate sport under English law. He has granted the Aylesbury-based English Bridge Union permission for a full judicial review of its status. Sport England has refused to recognise the game and said it was no more a sporting activity than "sitting at home, reading a book". Mr Justice Mostyn, who said he played Bridge on social occasions, heard a claim the game ought to be recognised as a "mind sport" that exercises the "brain muscle". Kate Gallofent QC, for Sport England, said the definition of a qualifying sport was an "activity aimed at improving physical fitness and well being, forming social relations and gaining results in competition". That definition is based on a European Sports Charter promoting "a common European definition of sport". However, the judge was told other EU countries, including the Netherlands, Ireland and Poland, "recognise Bridge as a sport". Miss Gallofent insisted: "The starting point of the definition of sport is physical activity. Bridge cannot ever satisfy this definition." Mr Justice Mostyn told her: "If the brain is a muscle, it does. "You are doing more physical activity playing Bridge, with all that dealing and playing, than in rifle shooting. "In 1999, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) recognised that Bridge and Chess should be recognised as mind sports." The judge granted the union permission to mount a full judicial review challenge to Sport England. Contract Bridge is a complex game played by millions of people across the world in competitions and at social events. All the cards are dealt from a normal 52 card deck for each game. Two players from each of two teams sit opposite each other across a table and through a bidding process (auction) agree to win a number of tricks. Suits are ranked upwards - clubs, diamonds, hearts, spades and no trumps. If they achieve the number of tricks agreed at auction they win the game but if not they lose. The team with the highest number of games takes the rubber. These are the simple basic rules. At higher levels, the game includes bonus points, complex dealing and other laws.
Malik said: "My life with One Direction has been more than I could ever have imagined. But, after five years, I feel like it is now the right time for me to leave the band. "I'd like to apologise to the fans if I've let anyone down, but I have to do what feels right." One Direction will continue their world tour as a four piece and record a fifth album later this year. Last week, Malik walked away from the band's world tour after being signed off with stress. He returned to the UK shortly after being forced to defend his relationship with his fiancee, Little Mix singer Perrie Edwards. A photo had earlier emerged of him holding another woman around the waist. A second photo, taken from behind, showed Malik standing close to the woman. Their hands and arms looked as though they were linked. In a statement, the rest of the group said: "We're really sad to see Zayn go, but we totally respect his decision and send him all our love for the future. "The past five years have been beyond amazing - we've gone through so much together, so we will always be friends. "The four of us will now continue. We're looking forward to recording the new album and seeing all the fans on the next stage of the world tour." Simon Cowell, who discovered the boyband on talent show The X Factor, said: "I would like to say thank you to Zayn for everything he has done for One Direction. "Since I first met Zayn in 2010, I have grown very, very fond - and immensely proud - of him. I have seen him grow in confidence and I am truly sorry to see him leave. "As for One Direction, fans can rest assured that Niall, Liam, Harry and Louis are hugely excited about the future of the band." Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson signed with Simon Cowell's record label Syco Records in 2010 after finishing third on The X Factor. Zayn's had a tumultuous time with the band and almost quit during bootcamp. Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
However, with today's decision to recommend a third runway at Heathrow, this government has arrived at a point that its predecessors failed to. From beating ourselves up for not building anything, we are suddenly building everything. Heathrow was chosen because of the extra boost it gives to the UK economy, but it is not the only mammoth project out there. After a last minute wobble, the Â£18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power station has been given the green light, while the biggest of them all is coming down the track fast. Construction on the Â£42bn HS2 high-speed rail line from London to the North is scheduled to begin next year. And that is probably not all. The Chancellor, Philip Hammond, has hinted he may reveal some moderate government borrowing to fund targeted infrastructure spending in his Autumn Statement next month. It is enough to make the Victorians sit up and take notice. If projections for a fairly sharp post-Brexit slowdown in the economy next year are correct, we may need this spending boost. Yet if these projects proceed on time, there is something else we will need: people to build it all. With unemployment close to historic lows, it is not clear we have enough. As the Victorians did, it seems very likely we will need to look abroad to find the workers for what some say promises to be a golden age of infrastructure. And that, post-Brexit, will present a political rather than an engineering challenge.
The poll has been triggered by the resignation of Tory MP Zac Goldsmith in protest at the government's backing for a third runway at Heathrow. Mr Goldsmith, who will run again as an independent, has said it "must be a referendum on Heathrow expansion". But the likely Lib Dem candidate said Mr Goldsmith's backing for Brexit would be "uppermost in voters' minds". Sarah Olney, who has already been selected to fight the seat at the next General Election, said it was a "farce" the by-election was taking place, saying it was the result of Tory in-fighting but added that the Lib Dems were looking forward to "putting our message in front of voters". Ms Olney, who like Mr Goldsmith is opposed to Heathrow expansion, told the BBC's Daily Politics: "We are on the same side as far as Heathrow is concerned, so for the voters to be able to choose between us, it's going to be fought on other issues - and I think Brexit is currently going to be the main issue that's uppermost in voters' minds." A local breakdown of the EU referendum results shows almost 70% of voters in the Richmond council area, which makes up the bulk of the constituency, backed Remain. Ms Olney is expected to be confirmed as the party's pick for the by-election after party leader Tim Farron rejected the idea of parachuting in one of its big names. The Conservatives are not fielding a candidate against Mr Goldsmith, who held the south-west London seat in 2015 with a 23,015 majority. The Lib Dems, who held the seat until 2010, finished second. Labour says it will field a candidate despite three of its MPs urging it to consider standing aside to maximise the chances of a Tory defeat. The Green Party said it was also likely to put forward a candidate although it said it supported "progressives working together to beat the Conservatives". In standing down, Mr Goldsmith - who has long campaigned against a third runway -  fulfilled a pledge to quit if the government backed the expansion. He said: "There was no small print, no expiry date, no ambiguity. It was a simple promise. And it mattered. "I know it mattered, because the thought of Heathrow expansion fills most of my constituents with dread."
The weakness in the oil and gas market has resulted in £2.56bn turnover between January and June, down from £3.07bn at the start of 2015. Profits fell even faster. Pre-tax profits on continuing operations were down by 39% to £96m. However, that does not include exceptional items. Post-tax reported profit was down 68% to £44m. The company has had one-off costs of cutting back sharply on its overhead costs, shedding a 10th of its workforce in the first half of this year. Wood Group is currently in a pay dispute with maintenance workers on Shell platforms in the UK North Sea. Chief executive Robin Watson said: "We have continued to focus on what we can control and what we can manage during a period where lower oil prices have endured and activity has fallen. "Our focus remains on managing costs, improving efficiency and maintaining capability. We are working with our customers to work smarter, streamlining work processes while increasing quality and efficiency." The engineering firm has told investors it expects full year profits to be 20% lower than in 2015. The outlook was helped, it said, by early signs of oil production projects being given approval, and signs that the sharp drop in North American onshore drilling may have bottomed out. Wood Group has also announced a $700m multi-year contract for oilfield automation services in Kazakhstan. This continues work it has been doing there for Tengizchevroil since 2013. In other energy news, Cairn Energy, based in Edinburgh, announced a significant increase in the estimated size of its oil discovery in Senegal. An independent company has assessed it as containing 473 million barrels of potentially recoverable oil or its gas equivalent, and up to 2.7 billion in total in the field. The company said the new North Sea fields in which it has a significant interest, Kraken and Catcher, remain on schedule to be in production by the end of next year. The downturn in the oil market means the capital expenditure behind them has fallen between 10% and 20%. The Wood Group share price rose 2% in morning trading after its half-year results were announced. Cairn Energy was up nearly 3%.
Thirty-six year old Marie Low died in Ninewells Hospital after an incident in the city's Ballantrae Terrace. She was found with serious injuries at about 14:55 on Sunday. A 30-year-old is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Tuesday. Police Scotland said there would be a continued police presence in the area. Tributes have been paid online to Miss Low by friends and family. Her daughter, Shanice Low, wrote on Facebook: "R.I.P mummy I love you millions I can't believe your gone. I'm going to make you proud love you loads mummy." Her brother, Kevin Low, added: "Love you sis - gone but never forgotten." Several other friends have changed their profile photos on social media to images of Marie. Her sister, Denise Low, said: "It was our dad's birthday yesterday - we can't believe this has happened. "My sister was strong and beautiful and will be sorely missed by us all. "She was one of the best people I knew. "She was a very, very strong woman. She always looked great." One friend has also started a crowdfunding page.
This is on a par with US President Barack Obama meeting with Cuba's Raul Castro except, unlike Washington and Havana, the two sides still haven't normalised relations. In fact they haven't even signed a peace treaty and in 66 years they have taken very different paths. No agreements will be signed, no joint statements made, but China's Xi Jinping and Taiwan's Ma Ying-jeou will have an hour-long meeting and a casual dinner afterwards. It could get awkward and here are some of the questions that could crop up. China has hundreds of missiles targeted at Taiwan to warn the island against declaring formal independence. Beijing still considers Taiwan a province to be reunified with the mainland one day and has not renounced the use of force to take it back. In fact, one of the main reasons for its military build-up is to counter possible US assistance to Taiwan if Beijing were to try to take back militarily. Mr. Ma would argue: "If you want to be friends, you must remove these missiles." "Not that simple," Mr Xi might answer. Doing so could embolden pro-independence groups in Taiwan who want the island to be recognised as a completely separate country from China. The meeting will take place less than three months before Taiwan holds presidential and legislative races, but truly democratic elections like these are not in China's vocabulary. Taiwan, on the other hand, has developed into a vibrant democracy and is proud of its system. Over dinner, Mr Ma could share his low approval rating headaches with Mr Xi and even make jokes about how hard it is to finish a speech when protesters are trying to throw shoes at him. Mr Xi might just politely smile and think to himself: "And you wonder why we run things like we do?" Mr Xi will be eager to push relations forward. During Mr Ma's seven years in office, the two sides have signed many agreements - from those that have allowed first-ever direct flights to ones that bring millions of Chinese tourists to Taiwan each year, not to mention tariff-cutting trade deals. China is eager to link Taiwan's economy and society even closer to the mainland's, and begin talking about unification. But Mr Ma will have to explain that public opinion does not support more deals and such talks at the moment. Many people are worried too many deals signed too quickly and without enough public oversight may make the island over-dependent on China and vulnerable to unification pressures. Mr Ma might explain to Mr Xi: "In Taiwan, unlike mainland China, public opinion matters a lot. That is how I got my job in the first place." Like many Chinese people who consider Taiwan the long-lost sibling they must see at least once in their lifetime, Mr Xi would want to eventually travel to "our treasured island" which is what many Chinese people call Taiwan. But Mr Ma will not be able to extend the invitation. That would be asking for trouble. Given China's motive for developing stronger ties, Taiwanese not in favour of this would simply use it as a chance to protest, and perhaps throw shoes at Mr Xi. Mr Ma says the past seven years have brought about the most stable and peaceful period in cross-strait relations in 66 years. One of his hopes before his presidency ends next May is to use these talks to institutionalise meetings between leaders of the two sides so that relations will stay on the right track, and the two sides can have dialogue at the highest level, regardless of which political party comes into power in Taiwan. But Mr Xi would probably say: "That all depends on whether the next leader agrees to our condition." And the condition is to accept that Taiwan and mainland China are part of one China. So far, the candidate tipped to win, Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence opposition party, has refused to do that. It's almost sacrilegious in the shared Chinese culture of Taiwan and China to split the bill in a formal banquet, but at the Singapore dinner, the two sides will have to deal with the awkward moment when the bill comes. They've decided to split it because not doing so would give the impression that one is a host and the other a guest, and that they are not meeting on an equal level. And that would cause trouble for Mr Ma, because he's facing domestic pressure not to give any suggestion that Taiwan is a lesser, weaker party in the talks. But while some think Mr Ma shouldn't meet Mr Xi, others believe two former enemies agreeing to talk can only be a good thing. They hope the talks can raise mutual understanding and trust - and perhaps that will happen over a few glasses of Singapore Sling.
Most of the passengers are reported to be from Latin America. The crash happened on Interstate 10 close to the resort town of Palm Springs in the early hours of Sunday morning. Investigators are examining the cause of the crash, which happened as the bus was bound for Los Angeles. Rescuers used ladders to climb into the bus windows to remove bodies. Five of the injured passengers are in critical condition. The Los Angeles Times described the crash as the deadliest in California for several decades. It said that the bus careered into the rear of the truck at high speed, mangling the front third of the bus. Most of those who died were apparently at the front of the bus, the newspaper reported. The driver was among the fatalities. Officials quoted by the paper said that identifying the victims could take days, because some were not carrying identity cards or had lost their belongings when they were taken to hospital. They have warned that it may not be possible to determine exactly why the accident happened because of the driver's death. Investigators will assess whether he might have fallen asleep or had a heart attack, in addition to determining if there was a mechanical failure or some other kind of emergency. The westbound lanes of the interstate were closed near the crash site but are now reported to have been reopened. According to the Desert Sun newspaper, the tour bus, run by US Holiday, was coming from Red Earth Casino, near Salton City in California. The small Los Angeles-based company, runs trips to casinos in California and Las Vegas. The driver of the bus was one of the owners of the tour company. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration records show the company had one vehicle and one driver. According to the data the company held a satisfactory safety rating and had not been in a crash for two years.
The authority will hold public meetings between 16 November and 7 December to discuss services which could be cut. It believes it has found two-thirds of the £21m savings needed in the next financial year, but it still needs to find a way of slashing £7m more. Councillors and officers hope residents can help persuade the Welsh government to reduce the impact of the cuts. Council leader Aaron Shotton said: "We are trying to put up an argument and stand up for local services and not simply passport through austerity cuts. "There's a window of opportunity to save services in Flintshire." The council has previously warned it cannot find ways of saving the money and that, if the government cannot be persuaded to limit the loss to Flintshire's grant, then services may be at risk. It has suggested the grant to Clwyd Theatr in Mold could be withdrawn, bins may be emptied less frequently, leisure centres could be closed and winter road gritting could be cut to a minimum.
The Costa Rican embassy's trade attache, Guillermo Cholele, was abducted in his diplomatic car from outside his home on Sunday night. Details of his release are not known but a ransom was reportedly demanded. He was the latest diplomat to be kidnapped in recent months in Venezuela, which suffers from high levels of violent crime. Venezuelan Interior Minister Tarek El Aissami said via Twitter that Mr Cholele was in good shape and being taken by police to be reunited with his family. His release had been secured due to investigative work and police pressure, Mr El Aissami wrote. He said that more details on the diplomat's release would be issued later. The Costa Rican authorities had earlier said that a ransom had been demanded. It called the abduction "extremely serious" and said Mr Cholele needed medication for a heart condition and high blood pressure. "For me, this kidnapping is organised crime and unfortunately Caracas is one of the most dangerous cities in the world and this is not an isolated case," Costa Rica's Deputy Foreign Minister Carlos Roverrsi said. In January Mexican ambassador Carlos Pujalte and his wife were briefly kidnapped in Caracas before being released. Last November the Chilean consul in Caracas was abducted, beaten and shot in the leg before being released. In December, a diplomat from Belarus was also briefly kidnapped. And just last month Karen Berendique - the teenage daughter of a Chilean diplomat - was shot dead by police. Officers said she had failed to stop at a roadblock. Venezuela has some of the highest rates of murder and kidnap in Latin America, with Caracas particularly affected. The opposition coalition have made crime and insecurity a key issue in their campaign for October's presidential election.
The claim: The UK leaving the European Union would mean cuts to pensions, defence and the NHS. Reality Check verdict: What, if anything, gets cut if there is a Brexit will be a matter for the government to decide. "If we restrict our access [to the single market] we will be less well off and that obviously affects what we can spend on our public services," he said. In the past few days, voters have been warned that leaving the European Union would have severe effects on different areas of public spending. We've been told both by David Cameron and Labour's Tom Watson that the triple-lock protection on state pensions would be threatened. We've had Chancellor George Osborne warning that Brexit would lead to between £1bn and £1.5bn of cuts to defence spending. He pointed out that even if the government stuck to Nato's target of spending 2% of national income on defence, if national income fell, then so would defence spending. And the prime minister has also warned about spending on the NHS being threatened if the UK left the EU. Why are they making these warnings? Because economic forecasters have said that leaving the European Union would mean the economy would grow by less than it would have done. That would mean lower tax revenues for the government, which would mean it would struggle to achieve a budget surplus as promised in 2019-20. What the government chose to do about that would be a question of policy, as David Cameron confirmed, but that has not stopped various groups having a guess. The Institute for Fiscal Studies predicted the government would decide to delay balancing the budget, bringing in an extra one or two years of austerity at the current rate. Labour In for Britain said the government would attempt to balance the budget in 2019-20, meaning it would need to make savings of £28bn, which would be divided equally between tax rises, departmental spending cuts and cuts to social security spending. The National Institute of Economic and Social Research said the government would be trying to save an extra £44bn in 2019-20. It is also possible that the government could decide not to balance the budget and borrow more instead. There is a pretty strong consensus that the initial economic shock from a vote to leave the EU would make it harder to achieve a balance in 2019-20, although it could be smaller than some groups have predicted. Read more: The facts behind claims in the EU debate
De Niro is opening the Sarajevo Film Festival on Friday with a screening of his 1976 classic Taxi Driver, digitally restored for its 40th anniversary. He is also due to be presented with a lifetime achievement award. Sarajevo's film festival was founded in 1995 during the Bosnian war, after nearly four years under siege. About 300 taxi drivers have put up posters in De Niro's honour, Reuters reported. "Many of our colleagues became taxi drivers after being retired from the Bosnian army and in a sign of gratitude and compassion with the main character we have decided to stage him a warm welcome in this way," Hasib Losic of the Sarajevo Taxi Association told the agency. Taxi Driver depicts the life of an isolated, angry army veteran turned taxi driver on the streets of New York.
Speaking ahead of the register's launch, Alison White conceded a lot of lobbyists would not be listed on it. But she said her job was to make sure the rules were implemented and she would do so with "extreme verve and vigour." But one critic of the register said it was "fake" and full of "loopholes". Lobbyists are companies or individuals paid to influence government decisions. The coalition promised to introduce a statutory register of lobbyists when it came to power in 2010, and legislation was passed last year, with ministers saying the move would help clean up politics. However, the new register will only cover consultant lobbyists and will not apply to lobbyists working "in-house" for companies or organisations. A person or company will only need to be registered if they are contacting a government minister or permanent secretary in a government department - leading to criticism it will not come close to reflecting the scale or nature of lobbying that goes on across Whitehall. But Ms White, who is independent of the government, said her task was to implement the law as it stood not to question the powers she had been given. "We are having something that has never been in place before," she told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. "This is a statutory register. The industry tells me it is a professional industry. I expect them to conform with the legislation. It is my job to make sure they do so." Ms White, who was appointed as the registrar of consultant lobbyists in September, acknowledged the register would not indicate different "levels of lobbying". "The legislation was quite narrowly drafted to address a particular issue, which was that it was not always particularly clear, when ministers were being lobbied, who the client of the lobbyist was. That is what the register was set up to do," she said. She added: "This will give anyone who wishes to access the register the opportunity to be able to see who is lobbying and being paid for it and who their clients are. That is the main information the register will contain. "If a lobbyist sets out to influence government policy in some way, they would have to be registered. If they are not registered, then they would not be conforming. They have to go on the register before they lobby." Ms White said last month that the register would not have any entries on its launch day but she had received more than "20 expressions of interest" about joining and companies and individuals might be required to sign up retrospectively. Potential registrants will be able to log on and create an account to file an "information return". But Tamasin Cave, from the Alliance for Lobbying Transparency coalition, said "hardly anyone" in the industry would be covered by the provisions of the new law. "You have a huge commercial lobbying industry, and very few of them will have to sign up," she told Today. "The second flaw is that it won't show the interaction between lobbyists and government, and that is what a register is for. "It is to show the activity - who is discussing what with whom, but this shows nothing of this interaction. It is a fake register."
Thirty years since Johnny and Baby first appeared in cinemas and created a cult hit, the producers of the TV remake have offered a glimpse at the updated version. Starring Little Miss Sunshine star Abigail Breslin as Frances "Baby" Houseman and Colt Pratte as Johnny Castle, it recounts their 1987 love story and what happened to their romance after the summer ended. Fans will relive memorable scenes like the lift in the lake, dancing on the log, and the infamous: "Nobody puts baby in the corner." The stars of the remake also teased viewers with their own images on social media. Breslin shared photos of herself dancing in front of a fireplace with a shirtless Pratte. In one he is seen dipping Breslin backwards and another sees her dancing with her arms above her head. She captioned the shots: "Casually dancing around a fireplace, as one does," and "just casually dippin' around a fireplace. As one also does." Modern Family star Sarah Hyland, who plays Baby's sister Lisa Houseman, also shared a photo on Instagram of herself in costume. Will and Grace star Debra Messing, who plays their mother Marjorie, posted pictures including a shot of the Houseman family sitting around a table when Johnny tells them: "No one puts Baby in the corner." She also included a picture of former Pussycat Doll Nicole Scherzinger dancing in character as Penny Rivera. She captioned the collection: "The Catskills are alive with music and [dancing emojis]." The three-hour TV movie will be broadcast on US network ABC on 24 May, and promises to take the story beyond where the 1987 film ended. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
The 22-year-old, who will join City on 1 July, said: "I'm now at one of the best teams in the world". Silva has made 58 appearances for Monaco this season - including two against City in the Champions League - scoring 11 goals and 12 assists. He said the chance to work with Pep Guardiola influenced his decision. "Of course when you have the opportunity of being trained by Guardiola, you don't say no," added the playmaker, who has played 12 times for Portugal, scoring once. "If not the best coach in the world, he is one of the best." Guardiola's City finished third in the Premier League this season, securing Champions League football next year. Silva was integral to the Monaco side that reached the semi-finals, suffering eventual defeat to Juventus, who play Real Madrid in the final on Saturday, 3 June. Former Tottenham midfielder Jermaine Jenas, speaking on BBC Radio 5 live I am surprised in that I think that is the one area of the pitch where they have enough options. Manchester City's attack has been sensational this season. Bernardo Silva is very similar to David Silva. I wouldn't let David Silva go, I think he's been tremendous. You don't know if other clubs were ready to push the button and City thought 'we have got to do it'. There are some players that come along and you have to do it there and then. Tottenham defender Danny Rose, speaking on BBC Radio 5 live I played against him away this season and he's the best opponent I faced. It's a great addition and gives Pep Guardiola another attacking option. BBC Sport's Simon Stone: Silva was excellent in Monaco's 5-3 Champions League defeat at Etihad Stadium in February and Pep Guardiola decided the Portuguese was a man he wanted. So much so, in fact, that he is prepared to put him among the top five most expensive players in City history. A product of the Benfica academy, Silva is an attacking right-sided midfield player and is, at 22, just the kind of age Guardiola likes - old enough to understand his role, young enough to absorb the intricate tactical lessons his new manager imparts. If, as expected, Kyle Walker also arrives this summer from Tottenham, Guardiola will have the raw pace from his full-back that creates the danger - and space - for Silva to cut inside and slice open defences. *Initial reported fees
The company owns the network of lines, poles and substations that brings electricity from power stations to homes and businesses. It does not generate electricity, nor does it sell power to consumers. It makes money by charging suppliers to use the infrastructure and the cost is then passed onto consumers. Sara McClintock of NIE Networks said: "We know that there is nothing more frustrating than being told: 'We can't deal with your query, you need to speak to someone else.' "That is why we are trying to clarify the difference between NIE Networks and electricity suppliers. "If there is a power cut, it's our job at NIE Networks to fix it."
Nicholson reported on the fall of Saigon in 1975, the Falklands War, the Balkans conflict, the Gulf War and the 2003 invasion of Iraq. He joined ITN in 1964 and was the network's senior foreign correspondent between 1989 and 1999. He died while on a cruise with his wife Diana. ITN chief executive John Hardie said he was a "true legend". Nicholson, who died on 11 December, presented reports from around the world on ITV's flagship current affairs programme Tonight. He had four children and three grandchildren. He was known for smuggling an orphaned girl out of Sarajevo while reporting on the conflict - and bringing her back to the UK, where he adopted her. The correspondent met nine-year-old Natasha Mihaljcic while he was working on a story about children being trapped by shelling in the Bosnian capital in 1992. He went on to write a book about the events which was used as the inspiration for the 1997 film Welcome To Sarajevo. Nicholson was ITN's first bureau chief in South Africa in 1976 and was the first television correspondent to live in the country during apartheid. He also witnessed the toppling of Saddam Hussein's statue in Baghdad in 2003. Former ITN presenter Sir Trevor McDonald said Nicholson "was almost without doubt the finest television journalist of his generation". "His aggressive pursuit of stories came to symbolise what the new kid on the block, as ITN then was, was all about." ITV News presenter Alastair Stewart said he was "deeply saddened to learn of the death of ITN giant Mike Nicholson". Mr Hardie said: "Michael Nicholson is rightly regarded as a true legend of ITN. "As a journalist he is renowned and revered throughout our industry and beyond for his courage, his intelligence, and his compassion." In a statement, his family described him as "an amazing father, devoted grandfather, loving husband and dear friend".
Meeting in Berlin, they also criticised Russia's air strikes in Syria. It was their first summit since Donald Trump won the US presidential election. Mr Trump has criticised Nato and said he hoped for warmer ties with Russia. Meanwhile, Mr Trump and Nato's chief "underlined the enduring importance of Nato", the military alliance said. In a statement, it said Nato General Secretary Jens Stoltenberg had spoken by phone to Mr Trump, congratulating him on his election victory. In the German capital, President Obama - who has been on a farewell trip to Europe at the end of his two terms - met German Chancellor Angela Merkel, British Prime Minister Theresa May, French President Francois Hollande, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. A White House statement later said the leaders had "affirmed the importance of continued co-operation through multilateral institutions, including Nato". It said they had "agreed on the necessity of working collectively to move the transatlantic agenda forward, particularly on bringing stabilisation to the Middle East and North Africa". On Ukraine, the leaders said the sanctions imposed against Russia must remain in place until Moscow fully met its commitments to resolve the conflict. Western nations accuse Russia of sending its troops and weapons into eastern Ukraine to support separatist fighters - a claim Moscow denies. On Syria, President Obama and the EU leaders said attacks on the city of Aleppo by Syrian government troops and Russia "should be immediately halted". Mrs May said the leaders "were united in our condemnation of the atrocities that are taking place there". "We agreed the need to keep up the pressure on Russia, including the possibility of sanctions on those who breach international humanitarian law," she added. Russia launched its air strikes in Syria in September 2015, saying it was acting at the request of President Bashar al-Assad. Moscow denies targeting civilians, saying it is bombing Islamic militants. In a separate development in Berlin, Mrs May said preparations for the UK's exit from the EU were "on track". "We do stand ready to trigger Article 50... by the end of March 2017." German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble earlier told the Financial Times the UK might have to continue paying into EU budgets for more than a decade after it leaves the EU. He said Britain would "certainly have to fulfil its commitments" to the EU until its departure - and possibly after.
Peers backed a government bill paving the way for gay couples to marry. It is set to become law by the end of the week, with the first weddings in 2014. Labour's Lord Alli said its passage meant "my life and many others will be better today than it was yesterday". But Tory peer Lord Framlingham said the "ill-thought through" change had been "bulldozed" through Parliament. Peers approved the principle of same-sex marriage last month, despite efforts by opponents to "wreck" the legislation. MPs had earlier done the same, in the face of opposition from many Conservatives, the Church of England and other faith groups. Supporters of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill wore pink carnations during Monday's proceedings in the Lords, during which a series of minor amendments - including one relating to pension benefits for same-sex couples - were proposed. Government minister Lady Stowell said the bill "puts right something which is wrong" and had been improved by detailed scrutiny in the Upper House. "I can't claim to be a gay rights campaigner, but I am a firm believer in justice and fairness," she said. But the Gay Marriage No Thanks group claimed it had been prevented from mounting an advertising campaign around Parliament after its truck was vandalised and its driver threatened. After clearing the Lords, the bill will return to the Commons for a short debate on government amendments before the Commons begins its summer recess on Thursday. The bill must then receive Royal Assent before it becomes law.
We were told by the pro-Russian rebels, who guided us, and other journalists, that things were quiet in the village of Shyrokyne, near the strategic port city of Mariupol. But within minutes of arriving, there are loud explosions. A man lies seriously wounded on the ground. He's bleeding badly from the head. We learn he's called Andrei and is a journalist working for Russia's military TV channel. A member of the BBC's team starts to treat him. He's joined by two medics from the OSCE. Andrei has lost a lot of blood and his body is shaking violently as he goes into shock. A local woman is screaming hysterically, as blood stains the pavement outside the local shop where he's now lying, and the journalists brought to monitor this peace mission crowd around. The three men treating Andrei manage to stem the bleeding, but there are then exchanges of gunfire nearby. What sound like rocket propelled grenades are also fired. There is no ceasefire here, even when the OSCE are in the village. The BBC-OSCE team gets Andrei into an old green Soviet-era van, and he is driven away to the local hospital. Later we learn he is still alive, but in a serious condition. His colleague tells us that Andrei said he needed the toilet. When he walked behind the shop, we believe he triggered a booby trap. It was a short walk that might have cost him his life, and it was a reminder of how volatile the ceasefire agreement is here. Later we meet two elderly women who are still living in this village on the frontline. Their eyes quickly fill with tears - this is a common scene in eastern Ukraine.
The remarkable victory means the Devils have a five-point advantage over the second-placed Giants. New signing Jerome Leduc scored twice and Mike Forney got the other as the Giants took control of the contest. Mark Richardson gave Cardiff hope and Sean Bentivoglio got it back to 3-2 before Joey Haddard equalised and Patrick Asselin netted the winner. It was a devastating final period for the Giants who had hoped to cut the Devils lead to a single point. Now Derrick Walser's men must pick themselves up immediately as they host Cardiff again in Belfast on Saturday night. As befitting a clash between the top two teams, the game started at a frenetic pace which lasted the entire first period. Both keepers were kept busy but it was the Devils' Ben Bowns who was beaten first as debutant Giant Leduc, signed only this week, finished with aplomb in front of goal to give the home side the lead in the 14th minute. With 48 seconds of the period remaining, a Forney shot sneaked past the unsighted Bowns to raise the roof at the SSE Arena as the Giants snatched a two-goal advantage. Leduc's fine start in a Giants shirt continued in the second period when he slammed in his second goal of the night to make it 3-0 on a Belfast power play. The visitors were not daunted by that deficit and came back hard at the Giants with a number of impressive saves from Stephen Murphy keeping the three-goal margin intact. But there was an almighty twist in the tale. The Devils struck early in the final period as Richardson arrowed the puck into the top corner of the net past Murphy. Now it was the small but vocal contingent of fans from Wales who were making all the noise in the arena as the scoreline became 3-2 as a Bentivoglio shot was deflected into the net off Giants' player-coach Walser, setting up a tense finale. Haddard then made it 3-3 with less than six minutes remaining. Then, incredibly, Patrick Asselin's close-range finish completed a remarkable turnaround by the Devils in what could well have been a huge step towards the Elite League title.
Arlene Foster, Martin McGuinness, Mike Nesbitt, Colum Eastwood and David Ford all took part in Election 2016: The Leaders' Debate. They were questioned by a studio audience made up mostly of grassroots supporters and some undecided voters. The debate was simulcast to UK-wide audiences on the BBC News channel. It was hosted by Noel Thompson. An early flashpoint in the debate came between Mike Nesbitt and Arlene Foster over who should be first minister. "I think that Arlene has a five-word plan - do not mention Peter Robinson," said Mr Nesbitt. "I have a one-point plan - the Ulster Unionist one-point plan is make it work. Make Stormont work." Mrs Foster replied: "Unlike Mike Nesbitt, I remember the bad old days of pushover unionism. "I remember what it was like in 1998 when we had a concession a day to the IRA, I remember what happened in relation to prisoners, I remember what happened to the RUC." David Ford said that the argument over who should be first minister was about trying to frighten people. "I think it's rather sad that this is now the third election in a row that the DUP's campaign has been based on the politics of fear. He added: "Not looking forward to the future, not looking about growing our economy, not looking about growing a united community, not looking to meet the needs of our children to stop them emigrating. "Instead of that we're just into who's biggest and who's not biggest." Martin McGuinness and Colum Eastwood also clashed over who would be in government or opposition after the election. Mr McGuinness accused the SDLP leader of not knowing "what he wants to do" over being in government, but Mr Eastwood responded that the election is "not a coronation". "I am going into government. Colum can't say that tonight. I am going into government," said Mr McGuinness. Mr Eastwood replied: "Not like in the south, where they've refused to go into government at every opportunity." During the debate, the leaders also faced questions on health, the past, the economy and the make-up of the government after the election. Following the debate, political discussion continued in The Spin Room, a programme that provided instant analysis and reaction to the leaders' debate. The programme featured senior representatives from the Green Party, TUV and UKIP. An invited audience of commentators, members of the public and private sector, and young people from the BBC Generation 2016 initiative also gave their views on the debate.
Offences for which lower compensation was awarded included ones involving drink, drugs or violence. The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority said statutory guidance obliged it to reduce or refuse awards if victims had unspent convictions. A leading child abuse lawyer called for a review of the "scandalous" approach. Alan Collins said civil case judges increasingly took the opposite view, and accepted that abuse could have a lifelong effect, with addictions being a possible consequence. Since 2010, CICA - an executive agency sponsored by the Ministry of Justice - has awarded compensation to 12,665 people who were sexually abused as children, or as adults lacking mental capacity. But some 438 people have had their government-funded compensation reduced because they had committed criminal offences themselves, the BBC learned after a series of Freedom of Information requests. Of the 27 cases where compensation was reduced between June 2014 and June 2015, half were for drink, drugs, theft or property offences. Eight involved violence against people. CICA would not say how many applications by such victims had been rejected. "The Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme has always asked that awards are reduced or refused if the victim had unspent convictions," it said in a statement. The Ministry of Justice said the refusal or reduction of an awarded payment reflected the fact the individual "may have caused distress, loss or injury to another person, and cost the taxpayer money through a police investigation or court proceedings". It said there were no plans to review the scheme. Odette Tovey, a Sheffield-based legal representative for several grooming victims whose applications have been rejected by CICA, said: "The crimes committed against the victims far outweigh the crimes that these victims committed." Some of these had been abused for many years, from their early teens, added Ms Tovey, and CICA was their only route to potential compensation. Ms Tovey said CICA needed to take into consideration that victims' crimes "were as a result of mental health problems developed because of the period of abuse they went through". Victims could be eligible for compensation of Â£27,000 if no deductions were made, said Ms Tovey. The average award after CICA compensation reduction was Â£8,423. Jane was groomed and abused for more than four years after running away from her South Yorkshire home at the age of 15. She was given drugs and alcohol and forced to have sex with men she did not know. A lead witness at her abuser's trial, Jane was turned down for compensation because she has unspent convictions for theft and assault - offences which took place before the trial took place and when she says she was addicted to so-called legal highs. She has since given up drugs, has married, and is pregnant with her first child. Jane - not her real name - has paid back the money she stole and says she feels remorse for her actions, but says they should not negate her compensation. She told the BBC: "I've hurt someone else, they didn't expect to be hurt, they didn't deserve to be hurt, I just hurt them so I could get money. "I've been told by a couple of people that they received about Â£15,000, and that makes me really angry - because while the main witnesses haven't received anything, the others have."
Spectators were joined by pagans and druids at the ancient monument in Wiltshire, but the dense cloud cover meant the sun remained hidden. Police, who estimated 21,000 people attended, targeted the crowds with sniffer dogs and took 22 people into custody for drugs-related offences. The solstice has had spiritual significance for thousands of years. The word itself means a stopping or standing still of the sun. What are the mysteries behind the Summer Solstice? Find out more: BBC Religion Paganism A crowd had gathered to spend the night near the giant stones, with police reporting 2,000 people on site by 21:30 BST on Thursday. The sun then rose at 04:52 on the longest day of the year. Supt Matt Pullen, from Wiltshire Police, said: "The majority of people respected the conditions of entry and the amnesty bins provided were used. "Approximately 70 cannabis street warnings were issued. As with previous years, the passive drugs dogs proved very effective." Twenty-two miles away (35km) at Avebury, where there are three stone circles, the crowd peaked at some 500 people. BBC Radio Wiltshire reporter Rachel Royce said: "There are some very serious druids here in their long cloaks, taking it very solemnly. There are also some party-goers, and ordinary visitors who love the atmosphere. "It really is a very peaceful and nice event."
The Bluebirds could receive up to £5m for the Scotland goalkeeper. But Giles says the 31-year-old is worth at least £8m, underlining Cardiff's malaise in the Championship. "They are going to get £3.5m and they're selling him on the cheap. And that tells me where the club is going: nowhere," said Giles. Marshall agreed personal terms with Hull after being omitted from Saturday's Championship defeat by Reading. The 31-year-old has made more than 280 appearances for Cardiff since arriving from Norwich City for free in 2009. Cardiff are 17th in the 24-strong division with one win, two draws and two defeats. Marshall is widely regarded as their star player and Giles, who had two playing stints with the club lasting a combined total of six years, is unhappy at the player leaving. "I think it's a joke. Personally I think David Marshall is worth £8m, probably more than that to any club," said Giles before Marshall's move was finalised. "Football today, I hate it, all these stats - they keep going on with stats, but if you look at Marshall's stats, they would without a doubt be better than anyone in the Championship and be a lot better than goalkeepers in the Premier League and they've let him go. "Probably if Hull win the Premier League they'll get £5m." "They are going to get £3.5m and they're selling him on the cheap. And that tells me where the club is going: nowhere." Giles agrees that Cardiff City need a proven goalscorer, but does not believe one will be signed. "Without a doubt Cardiff need a striker and talking to fans, they're looking for someone to score 15-20 goals a season," he told Radio Wales Sport. "Well that's not going to happen this year and unfortunately we're looking at a season where if they finish half way, they've done well. "Is that going to bring your fans back? You'll always get your diehards going, but is that going to get enthusiastic people coming down to Cardiff City Stadium? "It's a poor Cardiff City when they're watching second-rate football."
The father of two from Ballymoney was diagnosed with a rare stomach cancer after nurses discovered his iron levels were low when he went to give blood in November 2012. Chris, who works as an electrical wholesaler, strongly believes it was a trip that saved his life. "I was one of the fortunate ones, just so lucky when I think about it," he said. Chris initially thought he may have had an ulcer and was not concerned. "My health was fine, I was a 40-something rugby player. I worked shifts and thought any tiredness was down to an unusual sleep pattern." But after receiving a pinprick test at his local blood clinic in Ballymoney, nurses told Chris that he could not donate blood because his iron levels were unusually low and advised him to visit his local GP who then referred him for a colonoscopy. Chris was then diagnosed with GIST, a rare cancer that occurs in the wall of the stomach and small intestine. Doctors discovered the 9cm (3.5in) tumour in March 2013 and carried out a successful operation at the Royal Victoria Hospital in May. "I tried to keep things as normal as I could at home, I have two young girls. Thankfully the cancer didn't spread.  I had surgery to remove my stomach. I was 16 stone (100kg) before surgery, now I'm 12 stone (79kg). The Northern Ireland Blood Transfusion Service (NIBTS) has shared Chris' story on their Facebook page, describing it as a "story with a difference". In a post, Chris said: "If it hadn't been for me giving blood, I never would have known about this until it would have been too late. Now, Chris McIlmoyle is enjoying his life and has returned to work full-time. He has completed an abseil and bungee jump down Belfast City Hospital with his wife in aid of Friends of the Cancer Care Centre. According to the Northern Ireland Blood Transfusion Service (NIBTS), some 6% of the eligible population donate blood in Northern Ireland. A spokesperson said: "Most people aged between 17 and 65 years of age could give blood and save lives but unfortunately don't." Writing on Facebook, Chris said: "Donating blood saves lives and in a different way than normal, it saved mine. Every blood test is like a mini MOT."
Media playback is not supported on this device But this 7ft tall New Zealander with a sleeve of tattoos is fast becoming the star of the NBA play-offs and is even putting the league's most valuable player Stephen Curry in the shade. Adams and his Oklahoma City Thunder side beat Golden State Warriors 118-94 in game four of the Western Conference finals on Tuesday, to lead last year's champions 3-1 in the best-of-seven series. It was the first back-to back defeats for the Warriors this season, a team who set a new NBA record of 73 wins in the regular season. Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant were the stars of the show for the Thunder, but even they were eclipsed by a moment of magic from Adams. The 22-year-old, who scored 11 points and seven rebounds in the win, threw a one-handed bullet pass to Andre Roberson just before half-time. More than 22,000 tweets were sent in an hour about Adams' baseball style throw and the player began trending on Twitter in his native New Zealand and the US. Then there was a young fan who turned up to the game at Oklahoma's Chesapeake Arena, dressed as Adams with a fake moustache and tattoos in tribute to her hero. Many Twitter users felt the youngster was the real star of game four and even Adams himself tweeted that it was "absolutely amazing". In game three Adams hit the headlines after Warriors forward Draymond Green kicked him in the groin area, but avoided suspension. It led to Thunder fans using the hashtag #standupforsteven in the build-up to Tuesday's game. Adams has rarely been out of the headlines in the series. After game one he had to apologise for referring to the Warriors' players as "quick little monkeys". "It was just a poor choice of words," said Adams, who blamed differences in dialect for his comments. "I wasn't thinking straight. I didn't know it was going to upset anyone." Then there is his family - Adams is the youngest of 18 siblings. His brothers are around 6ft 10in to 6ft 11in, while his sisters stand at 6ft 5in to 6ft 6in. Six of his brothers have played basketball for New Zealand, while his half-sister Valerie, 31, is a double Olympic champion shot putter.
An appraisal of stock has found some items have an uncertain provenance while others are in a "poor condition". Curators have compiled a list of items that could go at Brecknock, Powysland, Llanidloes and Radnorshire museums. A decision will be taken by councillors at a meeting on Thursday. "The museums accept that one of its key functions is to acquire artefacts and to keep them for posterity," said the report. "In recent years staff have followed a strict collecting policy, however, historically a number of items, often with uncertain provenance and sometimes in extremely poor condition have been taken into the collection. "The main driver for the collection review was to reappraise items and to assess their suitability for long-term preservation. "There are no financially motivated reasons for disposal of any items."
Andy Carroll poked home his sixth goal in six matches, and Mark Noble added two penalties to put the hosts 3-0 up. The first spot-kick was awarded after Jose Holebas felled Diafra Sakho, and Almen Abdi brought down Michail Antonio for the second after the break. Sebastian Prodl hooked one back for Watford and they also earned a late penalty, but Troy Deeney saw it saved. And in the final minute of injury time, Hornets winger Nordin Amrabat was sent off for picking up his second yellow card. The Hammers remain sixth in the Premier League, still three points behind fifth-placed Manchester United after their 2-0 win over Crystal Palace. Liverpool also beat Everton 4-0 on Wednesday and are two points behind West Ham in seventh. Watford remain 12th and will now focus on Sunday's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley against Palace. Both sides have had their fill of penalty action this week. Carroll scored one for the Hammers before they conceded a late spot-kick and equaliser against Leicester on Sunday. And Watford earned a 1-0 victory over West Brom on Saturday - their first win in seven league games - largely thanks to Heurelho Gomes' two penalty saves. However, Gomes was not able to save his side for a third and fourth time in 135 minutes of play. Noble slotted both penalties home with ease, after Carroll had given the Hammers the lead by poking in from close range after a pinpoint ball from Dimitri Payet. Watford got in on the action late on, when Angelo Ogbonna was adjudged to have brought down goalscorer Prodl in the area, but Deeney - on as a second-half substitute - was denied by Adrian. West Ham came up against a much-changed Watford side, as manager Quique Sanchez Flores kept seven first-team players rested for Sunday's trip to Wembley. And the Hammers dispensed of the Hornets with ease to earn a new club record. Slaven Bilic's side have now gone 15 games without losing at home in the Premier League - their last defeat at Upton Park coming against Bournemouth on 22 August. The record came in the third-from-final game at Upton Park ahead of the Hammers' move to the Olympic Stadium. West Ham manager Slaven Bilic: "We can say they had half of their mind on the weekend and they rested players, but their line-up still had internationals. Media playback is not supported on this device "We are victims of our success as the bar is always rising. We are coping with that well. This game was a big one because I told the players 'the season is good or very good anyway but after this game are we going to look up and try to catch those teams'. Still we have to look down as Liverpool are in good form." Watford manager Quique Sanchez Flores: "The application was very good from us. We conceded really early and then it was very tough to play against a tough team like West Ham as they had confidence. "In the second half, we reacted really well but not good enough to reduce three goals. Media playback is not supported on this device "We have used a lot of players recently and the plan was to try to conserve and be fit for the weekend. Practically all of the players will be fit for the weekend." West Ham travel to West Brom on Saturday, 30 April, while Watford make the short journey to Wembley for the FA Cup semi-final against Crystal Palace on Sunday. Match ends, West Ham United 3, Watford 1. Second Half ends, West Ham United 3, Watford 1. Substitution, West Ham United. James Collins replaces Dimitri Payet. Second yellow card to Nordin Amrabat (Watford) for a bad foul. Foul by Nordin Amrabat (Watford). Winston Reid (West Ham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Watford. Conceded by Adrián. Penalty saved! Troy Deeney (Watford) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity,  right footed shot saved  in the bottom left corner. Penalty Watford. Sebastian Prödl draws a foul in the penalty area. Penalty conceded by Angelo Ogbonna (West Ham United) after a foul in the penalty area. Corner,  Watford. Conceded by Adrián. Attempt blocked. Manuel Lanzini (West Ham United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Foul by Valon Behrami (Watford). Mark Noble (West Ham United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Substitution, West Ham United. Emmanuel Emenike replaces Andy Carroll. Nordin Amrabat (Watford) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Victor Moses (West Ham United). Attempt missed. Manuel Lanzini (West Ham United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Michail Antonio with a through ball. Attempt saved. Victor Moses (West Ham United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Andy Carroll with a through ball. Foul by José Holebas (Watford). Victor Moses (West Ham United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Juan Carlos Paredes (Watford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Andy Carroll (West Ham United). Craig Cathcart (Watford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Andy Carroll (West Ham United). Substitution, West Ham United. Victor Moses replaces Diafra Sakho. Substitution, Watford. Troy Deeney replaces Almen Abdi. Nordin Amrabat (Watford) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Nordin Amrabat (Watford). Cheikhou Kouyaté (West Ham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Steven Berghuis (Watford). Angelo Ogbonna (West Ham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Mario Suárez (Watford) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Mario Suárez (Watford). Manuel Lanzini (West Ham United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Steven Berghuis (Watford). Angelo Ogbonna (West Ham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Steven Berghuis (Watford) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by José Holebas following a fast break. Attempt saved. Andy Carroll (West Ham United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Dimitri Payet with a cross. Corner,  West Ham United. Conceded by Juan Carlos Paredes.
Pregabalin, also known by the brand name Lyrica, is an anti-epileptic drug also used to relieve chronic pain. Last year, pregabalin was prescribed more in Northern Ireland than anywhere else in the UK. The drug has been linked to the deaths of two teenagers earlier this year. It was one of a cocktail of drugs used by  Aaron Strong, 19, and Aaron Fox, 16. 'With Lyrica, I see people running about like zombies' An ex-drug user, who lost his teenage friend to suicide after a battle with drugs, has told BBC News NI that abuse of Lyrica is "wrecking lives". The Belfast teenager, who spoke anonymously, said he first took the drug when he was 16 and that it is freely available in his community. Read more on his story here. It is illegal to have class C drugs without a prescription and illegal to supply or sell them to others. The Advisory Council for the Misuse of Drugs made the recommendation in a letter to ministers, including the then home secretary Theresa May, in January. The letter cited warnings from the Health and Social Care Board (HSCB) who highlighted "significant misuse and abuse" of the drug. Pregabalin is known as "bud" or "Budweisers" by recreational users because it is makes them feel the same high as if they were drunk. Life on Lyrica: Geoff Savage, drug counsellor I am a prescribed user of Lyrica. There's a stigma around drugs prescribed by professionals. That they're safe and not harmful. Prescribed drugs can sometimes be more serious if they're not taken properly. Being someone who takes it, I know the dangers with it. I once overdosed by accident. I was out of my head. Read more of Geoff's story here. Joe Brogan, the HSCB's head of pharmacy, said the problem "appears to be a growing issue". In 2012, Mr Brogan wrote to GPs and pharmacists telling them to be aware of the "potential misuse of the drug". It is understood that some doctors have written to patients who have been prescribed Lyrica to say they may need to review the dosage. "We've been raising it with general practitioners and prescribers in primary care to be mindful of repeat prescriptions of the drug," said Mr Brogan. "It can be a challenge for prescribers to understand if the patient is getting sufficient treatment as it's often used for a chronic pain issue." Pregabalin can be ordered online. It is understood it has been coming into Northern Ireland in fairly constant levels for a number of years, along with other prescription drugs including diazepam and temazepam. Packages of the drug ordered by customers in Northern Ireland are intercepted by the National Crime Agency (NCA) and the UK Border Agency at airports in England every week. Analysis: Vincent Kearney, BBC News NI home affairs correspondent The organised crime branch of the PSNI is notified about every seizure of the drug and decides what action, if any, is to be taken. If the quantity of drugs intercepted is considered insignificant the police may decide not to take investigative action, but intelligence about the specified delivery address is recorded for possible future use. The drugs are then destroyed. If the quantity of drugs is large, or it is believed a seizure could be linked to an ongoing operation by the serious organised crime branch, or connected to an individual regarded as a significant criminal figure, the drugs are retained for possible use as evidence in a future court case. If they are used in this way, they are destroyed when the court case is completed. Stephen Andrews, a community worker in north Belfast, said the drug is a "serious problem". "I first came across Lyrica about a year ago," he said. "Myself and a colleague were called out by a residents to a young person who was banging his head off a brick wall repeatedly. "He was covered in blood and wired out of his head. We took him to hospital and later found out he was on this drug. "It's a strange drug. It might make you take your clothes off because you are too warm, it makes you feel like you have super strength. You feel no pain." Mr Andrews said he believes the drug badly affects the mental health of users and can lead to depression and suicide in users. "Kids are always looking for the next high. Our fear is that people have been taking it for a period of time and we're not aware of it yet. These people will get in a very bad way." Alex Bunting. from Addiction NI, said the drug was finding its way onto the streets after being prescribed. "It seems to be a drug that's highly prescribed and a drug that's open to abuse. "We are seeing a developing use in communities. There is no doubt it is being used by a lot of people for legitimate treatment but there are also people seeking it out for its effects. "A black market exists for it."
The 34-year-old joins the county as cover for fellow West Indies paceman Fidel Edwards, who broke an ankle while playing football last week. Best has played 25 Tests and 26 one-day internationals for his country, and taken 316 wickets in 115 first-class wickets at an average of 28. Like Edwards, he is a Kolpak signing, with South African Ryan McLaren Hampshire's designated overseas player. "Tino trained with us in Barbados during pre-season and looked good," Hampshire director of cricket Giles White said. "It's come about at short notice, initially on a short-term contract. He seems excited about the opportunity and very motivated to do well." Best will play for Hampshire in a three-day second XI match against Somerset at the Ageas Bowl starting on Monday with a view to joining the first-team squad for the County Championship game that begins against Middlesex on Sunday. As well as Edwards, who will undergo surgery on Tuesday, Hampshire are currently without the services of bowlers Reece Topley, Gareth Berg and Ryan Stevenson through injury. Ireland seamer Craig Young has also joined the county on a short-term loan deal. "We'll support Fidel through his recovery and look forward to having him back in a Hampshire shirt as soon as possible," White added. "He's a class act and the team will miss him."
The Geminid shooting stars are due to peak overnight on Tuesday 13 and Wednesday 14 December. But it's going to be a bit trickier to see them this year because it's happening at the same time as a supermoon - the third one this year. The light from the closer full moon will make it harder for stargazers. Meteors are small space rocks ranging from the size of a grain of sand to a pea that enter the Earth's atmosphere and burn up, producing a bright streak of light. Most meteors break off from comets, which are dirty "snowballs" mainly made of ice, but the Geminids are different. The object they come from, the 3200 Phaethon, is more like an asteroid. As it orbits, the heat of the Sun causes surface material to crumble, before it tumbles off into space, leaving a trail of rocky debris behind it. The Earth passes through this trail each year as it orbits around the Sun, and we see them glow as the rock burns up in the Earth's atmosphere. You don't need any special equipment to view the meteor shower. Find a clear space away from street lights or the light coming from your house. Give your eyes enough time to adjust to the dark, and look up. Hopefully, with clear skies, you will be able to spot them as they blaze across the night sky.
Mr Kerry, 71, was cycling in France when he hit kerb and broke his leg. He arrived back in the US late on Monday and will be treated at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. It remains unclear how his injury will affect his work as the top diplomat for the US. He is due to have surgery later on Tuesday. On the flight back Mr Kerry tweeted with #Onward, "Headed back to Boston. Look fwd to getting leg set & getting back to @StateDept! Meantime, work goes on." Mr Kerry had been holding talks over the future of Iran's nuclear program in Geneva, Switzerland, one day before his accident. Experts see any potential agreement as a key diplomatic achievement for the Obama administration. The deadline to build on the already achieved "framework agreement" is the 30 June. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters on Monday the deadline would not change. "To be very clear, the secretary is absolutely committed to moving forward with the negotiations, to proceeding with them on the exact same timetable as before his accident," Ms Harf said. Mr Kerry was unable to attend recent scheduled meetings in Madrid and Paris in person. Mr Kerry remotely participated in Monday's Paris conference, which has convened the nations who oppose IS. "I would love to see anyone at the hospital try to stop @JohnKerry from negotiating and working while recovering from breaking his leg," tweeted Jen Psaki, a former State Department spokeswoman. Medical experts have told US media that it often takes six months to recover from a fractured femur. Since the accident, Mr Kerry has spoken to President Barack Obama and to Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, according to the State Department.
The man said he shot at their car after they refused to stop when he challenged them on Saturday. They were not hurt. He said that earlier he had heard the pair say "did you get anything"? Police in Florida have used the incident as an opportunity to issue guidelines for teenagers and parents on safely playing the game. Police say they received a call from the parents of one of the teenagers when it was noticed later that bullets had caused a flat tyre, News4jax reported. The parent said the teenagers did not realise they were being shot at, and thought that the man was only trying to scare them. The guidelines issues by the Flagler County Sheriff's Office include best practice tips for Pokemon Go players. They advise players to: The sheriff's office also advises parents of Pokemon Go players to: According to data from SimilarWeb, people are now spending more time playing Pokemon Go than they are on Snapchat, Instagram and WhatsApp. The game has also been installed on more Android smartphones in the US than the dating app Tinder.
The 68-year-old was discovered in Fairisle Place in the Moray town at about 00:30 on Sunday. He was taken to Dr Gray's Hospital in Elgin but died later that day. Police said inquiries were ongoing to establish how he sustained his injuries and the death was being treated as "unexplained". Det Ch Insp Kevin Walker, who is leading the inquiry, said: "Our thoughts are obviously with this man's family at this sad time. "Our inquiries are continuing to establish the exact circumstances leading up to his death and at this stage his injuries are still being treated as unexplained. "Several members of the public have already assisted with our investigation and I would like to thank them for their help. "I would still encourage anyone who saw a man fitting his description, however, to please contact police if you think you have information which could help." The man, who had white hair with a greying beard, was wearing a checked shirt, blue jeans and a dark-coloured hooded top.
The tech giant sold 45.51 million iPhones in the three months to 24 September, beating an average estimate of 44.8 million. The company also forecast higher-than-expected holiday season revenue of between $76bn and $78bn. But revenue in the fourth quarter fell 9% to $46.85bn. That meant annual revenue fell for the first time since 2001, highlighting a slowdown in the smartphone market as well as intensifying competition, particularly from Chinese rivals. Analysis: Rory Cellan-Jones, BBC Technology correspondent It was no surprise that Apple saw its first fall in annual revenues for 15 years. It became apparent earlier in the year that sales of the iPhone - surely the most profitable product in history - had plateaued and they continued to disappoint this quarter. It was hard to spot any product or market delivering outstanding results - the fact that Apple still hasn't released any figures for its Watch tells its own story - and the 30% fall in China sales looked particularly worrying. But somehow Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook still managed to paint a rosy picture. He pointed to the 24% rise in income from services like Apple Music and Apple Pay. He told us that he was thrilled with the response of customers to the iPhone 7 - and that round the world, including in China, demand was outstripping supply. And crucially he looked forward to a return to growth in the next quarter, with Apple forecasting a record-breaking holiday season. Investors have been looking for reasons to buy back into Apple and that prediction may help continue the recent upward path of the shares. But the technology crowd is still waiting for some radical new innovation, to prove the company founded by Steve Jobs hasn't lost its creative spark. Tim Cook wouldn't be drawn when quizzed about moves into TV or building a car or a connected speaker like the Amazon Echo. He did say "we have the strongest product pipeline we've ever had". But that is a line we have been hearing for some time. Apple executives said demand for the new iPhone 7 was strong, despite fiscal fourth-quarter revenue falls in China and the Americas, its two most important markets. Revenue from Greater China, once seen as Apple's next growth hope, fell 30% in the quarter, after dropping 33% in the previous quarter. In the same period last year, revenue from Greater China doubled. Apple's shares were down 3% at about $114.80 in after-hours trading. "Apple didn't have a great [fourth quarter] as iPhones, Macs, China, the US and what appears to be Watch were down," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. Net income fell to $9.01bn in the fourth quarter, down from $11bn in the same quarter last year. For the year, net income fell to $45.7bn from $53.4bn. Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said it was "impossible to know" if there was any effect yet from rival Samsung halting production of Galaxy Note 7 phones earlier this month.
The ban is being imposed at the Kumbh Mela, a pilgrimage that has attracted nearly three million people since July. Authorities say that selfies will be banned on the days that people ritually bathe in the sacred Godavari river. Organisers say they conducted a study that showed people took too long taking selfies. This slows down the flow of people, leading to pushing and panic. Signs saying "no selfie zone" can be seen around the two festival sites in the state of Maharashtra. The festival takes place every three years. It began in mid-July and runs until late September. The decision was taken after over 100 volunteers conducted a study on behalf of the Kumbhathon group which works with the authorities to help monitor the festival. "Since 13 July, our volunteers on the field have been collecting data which showed that people stop to take selfies. They also climb to dangerous spots to take selfies," Kumbhathon CEO Sandip Shinde told the Indian Express. Local official Dr Pravin Gedam told the paper that selfies would only be banned during the "days of the holy dip as we don't want to take away from the festive mood on other days".
However, only a fraction of those affected may receive compensation. Legal filings indicated that 250,000 people had lost some Â£130m in benefits. The Court of Appeal suggested the Department for Work and Pensions would owe a mere 1% of that amount, Â£1.3m, to just 2,500 people. The complex judgment on Friday was originally prompted by a challenge from Cait Reilly, a geology graduate from Birmingham. She had argued that requiring her to work at Poundland for no pay constituted a breach of her human rights. The government - to counter such claims - had retrospectively altered the law to validate the docking of benefits. Today, the Court of Appeal ruled that even under that new revised law, the docking of benefits could be incompatible with the European Convention of Human Rights. The Court's ruling represented a defeat for the government. Padraig Hughes, of Public Interest Lawyers, the group that brought Ms Reilly's case, said: "It is yet a further example of the reckless approach this Government continues to take towards the constitution and the rule of law." The Court of Appeal judges did nevertheless acknowledge that government ministers can change laws to affect cases retrospectively. And the judges decided that the only rights infringed upon where those of people that had already claimed the benefits docking was unfair. This narrowing of the claimants explains why only a tiny fraction of people will be eligible for a payout. "We are considering the judgment", a DWP spokesman said. "It is only right that jobseekers do all they can to find work while claiming benefits." It is not clear yet whether either side will make a further appeal.
One device was listed with a previous sale price of £2,378, but was "reduced" to £1.58. The computer firm briefly took its UK store offline on Saturday to resolve the error, and said it would not honour the sales that had been made. "We apologise sincerely to impacted customers for any inconvenience caused," the firm said in a statement. Over the weekend, a handful of people posted on social media that they had taken advantage of the mistake and ordered laptops. But according to consumer rights group Citizens Advice, retailers can often cancel online orders if they have made a "genuine and honest mistake on their part that you should have noticed". HP said buyers would be refunded. "We can confirm that due to a processing error, select products were wrongly priced on our UK website over the weekend," HP said. "This has now been corrected with related orders cancelled."
Activists in Brighton voted in favour of a motion tabled by the Unite union to make their support for strikes conditional on UN backing. The vote is not binding on MPs but Jeremy Corbyn has said the party must heed the opinion of members. It follows calls from a senior Labour figure for a free vote in Parliament. Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell told a meeting hosted by The Guardian at the Labour conference that Syria and the renewal of Trident were issues on which he did not expect consensus within the party and he believed a vote on military action in Syria should be made "on the basis of conscience". The government was defeated in 2013 in a parliamentary vote on military action in Syria, but ministers have since said the case for UK intervention in the country should be made again. In 2014 MPs voted in favour of RAF air strikes against Islamic State militants in Iraq. Labour's new leader Jeremy Corbyn has called for a UN security council resolution and a fresh diplomatic push to end the violence in Syria. The Labour conference will also consider an emergency motion, tabled by the union Unite, opposing the extension of the RAF's campaign against IS into Syria without "clear and unambiguous" authorisation from the UN. But Mr McDonnell told a meeting on the fringe of the conference that many MPs did not back the leader's stance and said it may be necessary for them to "agree that we can't agree" - though he said that efforts to reach a consensus within the party were still ongoing. Mr McDonnell said: "When you are sending people to potential loss of life, I think it is a conscience decision. It is a moral decision. "On Syria, my view is it should be a free vote on the basis of conscience." Prime Minister David Cameron has indicated he would like to extend the RAF airstrikes against the Islamic State group into Syria and could gain parliamentary backing from rebel Labour MPs, even if the party's leadership refuses to offer its support. Mr Corbyn set out his views on Syria during his conference speech on Tuesday, saying that "the answer to this complex and tragic conflict can't simply be found in a few more bombs". He added: "I believe the UN can yet bring about a process that leads to an end to the violence in Syria." Meanwhile, the defeated Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham is to offer a tougher line on EU immigration during his speech on the final day of the conference. Mr Burnham is to say that rules around the free movement of people in the EU are "widening inequality" and measures are needed to prevent the undercutting of wages by migrant workers. In a speech aimed in part to win back voters from UKIP, the shadow home secretary will say the EU must provide a "floor beneath all workers" and protect the "going rate" on pay. Mr Burnham, who was appointed shadow home secretary after he was heavily defeated by Mr Corbyn in the leadership race, will say that Labour had not "faced up" to some of the impacts of EU migration and consequently appeared "out of touch". He will say: "To win back the voters we lost to UKIP I want to reframe the debate about immigration and the way Labour approaches it. "For too long we have argued that free movement across Europe benefits everyone and affects all areas equally. That's just not true. "In places, a free market in labour benefits private companies more than people and communities. "Labour hasn't faced up to that and that's why we look out of touch."
Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH) said rock was dug away from cliffs near Bearreraig Bay in an apparent organised search for valuable specimens. The agency said Skye was known as Scotland's "Dinosaur Isle" because of its important fossil records. SNH has appealed for witnesses to contact the police. Skye is a key dinosaur fossil site in Scotland. Bearreraig Bay, north of Portree, is within a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). A crowbar is suspected to have been used to prise away some of the rock. Dinosaur footprints may also have been removed from Valtos on Skye, SNH said. Evidence gathered at Valtos has been used by palaeontologists to explain what has been called the Dino Stampede in Australia, an incident where a group of dinosaurs were pursued by a predator. SNH said the Bearreraig Bay dig had been done without the landowner's permission or the consent of SNH, which manages the SSSI. Dr Colin MacFadyen, SNH's geologist, also said the actions went against guidelines in the Scottish Fossil Code. The codes does allow for the use of mechanical diggers, rock saws and even explosives for extracting fossils, but only when it was to the benefit of palaeontological research. Dr MacFadyen said: "Fossil collecting is important for scientific and educational purposes, and is a popular hobby. "It is better for fossils that fall from cliffs to be found, collected and enjoyed rather than be eroded and washed away by the tide. "However, speeding up the process by large scale rock removal as in this alarming case is irresponsible and illegal, and also potentially dangerous to people as the cliff faces are undermined and destabilised." Dr MacFadyen said permission to remove material from the SSSI would have been needed from SNH, but it had not been sought. He said fossil-rich rock had been damaged at the Bearreraig Bay site. Dr Neil Clark, of University of Glasgow's Hunterian Museum and Art Gallery, has described Skye as one of the world's most important palaeontology sites. Its standing is underlined by the number of finds from the Middle Jurassic, about 170 million years ago. Dr Clark told the BBC News Scotland website: "This is quite a shock. It is not something I have heard of happening before. "Without knowing exactly where the damage is I can't say what they were after. It may have been plesiosaur." He added: "Whatever has been taken is now lost to science." Finds on Skye have included the earliest turtles known to have lived in water. The 164-million-year-old reptile fossils were found embedded in a block of rock at the bay of Cladach a'Ghlinne, on the Strathaird peninsula. The new species formed a missing link between ancient terrestrial turtles and their modern, aquatic descendants. The discovery of Eileanchelys waldmani, which translates as "the turtle from the island", was reported in the Royal Society journals in 2008.
Police said the suspect was 26 years old and born in the United Arab Emirates. They said he acted alone and he was overpowered by passersby. Mayor Olaf Scholz said the attack was motivated by "hate" but did not say it was a terror attack. There are unconfirmed reports that the man shouted "Allahu akhbar", Arabic for "God is great" while attacking people. Police said they were still seeking to confirm his current nationality. Mr Sholz said he was a failed asylum seeker. The man attacked customers in the supermarket at random, ran outside and was chased by customers and by people outside the shop. They brought him to the ground before he was detained by plain-clothes police officers. Mobile phone footage on German media that is purportedly of the attack's aftermath shows several people chasing a man and throwing chairs at him. A 50-year-old woman and four men aged between 19 and 64 were stabbed, while a 35-year-old man was injured while helping overcome the suspect. The attack happened in the Barmbek region in the north of the city in a branch of Edeka, Germany's largest supermarket chain. Police say the man's weapon may have looked like a machete but they are, for now, assuming it was a kitchen knife. One eyewitness made a gesture about 50cm (20 in) long when asked on German TV how big the knife was. Asked whether this was a terror attack, a police official told the BBC: "We are at an early stage of the investigation... At the moment we can't rule anything out. We are investigating all avenues." Speculation in German media said the attack may have been part of a robbery attempt but police said that that motive could not be confirmed. One eyewitness, who ran from the scene into a nearby shop as the situation unfolded, told German broadcaster NTV that it seemed "hectic and confused, not like a properly planned attack".
The claim: "We are giving £20bn a year or £350m a week to Brussels." Reality Check verdict: We are not giving £20bn a year or £350m a week to Brussels - Britain pays £276m a week to the EU budget because of the rebate. He has gone with that figure despite a letter from the head of the UK statistics watchdog Sir Andrew Dilnot on Thursday, which described it as "potentially misleading". The figure used is roughly the UK's gross contribution to the EU - the amount that would be contributed to the EU Budget were it not for the rebate. We say "roughly the UK's gross contribution" because the annual figure that Boris Johnson used was £20bn, somewhat higher than the £18.8bn figure for 2014 - the most recent figure available - while the £350m a week figure is a bit below the actual figure of £361m. The important point is that it's not the sum we send to Brussels because the rebate is deducted before any money is paid. In 2014, the UK's contribution to the EU budget - the amount we paid to Brussels - was actually £276m a week. If Britain were to give up the rebate, then the UK would have to pay the gross contribution, and it should be noted that the rebate is not a permanent feature of Britain's membership of the EU. But we do not pay the gross contribution at the moment, the rebate is safe until 2020, and Britain has a veto over the process that would remove or reduce it. Sir Andrew Dilnot is particularly concerned about suggestions from Vote Leave that a sum of money equivalent to the gross contribution could be spent on other priorities such as the NHS, when some of it is not spent at all (the rebate) and some of it is currently used to support UK farmers, for example. READ MORE: The facts behind claims in the EU debate
Abel Hernandez was the hero for the hosts, scoring twice on his first start since injuring his groin against Southampton on 6 November. That match against the Saints was the final league victory under Silva's predecessor Mike Phelan, who was dismissed on 3 January with the team bottom of the league. Hull have now won twice in three games under former Olympiakos and Sporting Lisbon boss Silva, having beaten Swansea in the FA Cup third round a week ago. Tyrone Mings' own goal added gloss to the scoreline for Hull, who took a long time to grow into the match after falling behind to Junior Stanislas' third-minute penalty, awarded for Harry Maguire's challenge on Ryan Fraser and the 10th the Tigers have conceded in 21 games this season. Bournemouth have now shipped three goals in eight of their last 10 games in all competitions, and drop to 11th place after their 10th defeat of the campaign. It has been a bleak winter for Hull so far and the loss of £10m striker Hernandez to injury certainly contributed to their plight. The Tigers went nine games without a win during his absence, dropping them to the bottom of the table by Christmas and culminating in the departure of Phelan early in the new year. His return has coincided with the appointment of Silva, and it has quickly become apparent that the influence of both could prove vital in turning Hull's season around. The 26-year-old's goal against Swansea in the cup was a timely reminder of the ability that brought him 20 goals in Hull's promotion campaign last season, and his first against Bournemouth bore all the predatory instincts that the hosts have been missing these past few weeks. Huge credit must go to Andrew Robertson for the quality of his cross from the left wing, which presented Hernandez with a headed chance from around a yard out that he simply could not miss. The second was more of a self-made effort, the Uruguay international picking the ball up on the right, advancing into the area and selling a couple of cute stepovers to Mings before curling a precise finish into the left-hand corner. Media playback is not supported on this device It was a huge result for Hull but also a significant one for the visitors, who have now conceded 24 goals in their last 10 league and cup games. Their mid-table position - and nine-point gap to the drop zone - means Bournemouth have some wiggle room as they bid to shore up at the back. But they cannot continue to leak goals at the present rate and not expect to find themselves flirting with danger at the end of the season. Hull's third goal here was certainly unfortunate - Mings diverting in Tom Huddlestone's hopeful shot from the edge of the area - but nevertheless continues a sequence of results that is clearly worrying boss Eddie Howe, who conceded that there was a "pattern emerging". Hull head coach Marco Silva: "I'm happy because what I saw was a team with big spirit and big character. That's important for me. "After 10-15 minutes it was difficult, but we started to control the game and put the other team back. The first 25-30 minutes of the second half it was all our team. "I start to see [progress]. We have time next week to work more and the players now believe more in our ideas. "I saw my players smile in the dressing room and that's important for me." Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe: "We got the perfect start and from that point we were looking to consolidate and then it slipped away. The second half was tough to watch. "The frustrating thing is we didn't go for the game to try and put it to bed. "We're disappointed with all three goals. We're in the middle of the season and we have everything to play for, Our season could still go two ways." Media playback is not supported on this device Hull are back in Premier League action on Sunday, 22 January with a tough trip to Stamford Bridge to face leaders Chelsea (16:30 GMT), while Bournemouth host Watford on Saturday, 21 January (15:00 GMT). Match ends, Hull City 3, Bournemouth 1. Second Half ends, Hull City 3, Bournemouth 1. Jack Wilshere (Bournemouth) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Evandro (Hull City). Offside, Hull City. Oumar Niasse tries a through ball, but Adama Diomande is caught offside. Offside, Bournemouth. Steve Cook tries a through ball, but Callum Wilson is caught offside. Marc Pugh (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Harry Maguire (Hull City). Joshua King (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Andrew Robertson (Hull City). Offside, Hull City. Jake Livermore tries a through ball, but Oumar Niasse is caught offside. Substitution, Hull City. Jake Livermore replaces Ryan Mason. Harry Arter (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Evandro (Hull City). Substitution, Hull City. Oumar Niasse replaces Abel Hernández. Attempt saved. Abel Hernández (Hull City) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Tom Huddlestone. Attempt missed. Harry Maguire (Hull City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Adama Diomande. Foul by Adam Smith (Bournemouth). Sam Clucas (Hull City) wins a free kick on the left wing. Substitution, Hull City. Evandro replaces Robert Snodgrass. Adam Smith (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Curtis Davies (Hull City). Foul by Tyrone Mings (Bournemouth). Robert Snodgrass (Hull City) wins a free kick on the right wing. Andrew Surman (Bournemouth) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Robert Snodgrass (Hull City). Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Tyrone Mings (Bournemouth) because of an injury. Corner,  Bournemouth. Conceded by Eldin Jakupovic. Attempt saved. Jack Wilshere (Bournemouth) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Marc Pugh. Attempt saved. Jack Wilshere (Bournemouth) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Andrew Surman. Substitution, Bournemouth. Marc Pugh replaces Junior Stanislas. Charlie Daniels (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Adama Diomande (Hull City). Adam Smith (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Andrew Robertson (Hull City). Offside, Bournemouth. Steve Cook tries a through ball, but Junior Stanislas is caught offside. Jack Wilshere (Bournemouth) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Harry Maguire (Hull City). Own Goal by Tyrone Mings, Bournemouth.  Hull City 3, Bournemouth 1.
Kaikai, 20, is back with Town for a second spell from Premier League Crystal Palace and has scored six goals in his last five appearances to lift the club two points clear of trouble. "He's very important for us," Ogogo, 26, told BBC Radio Shropshire. "He's got the quality and can score goals out of nothing." Kaikai, who scored on his only appearances to date for Palace in their League Cup tie against Newcastle in September 2014, first moved to Greenhous Meadow last September and scored five times in 17 games before returning to Selhurst Park at the start of January. Since coming back to Shropshire the goals have flowed, leading Shrewsbury boss Micky Mellon to question why he has not been part of the England Under-21 squad. Ogogo, who is wearing the armband in the absence of suspended Nat Knight-Percival, thinks Kaikai has improved since he was last at the club. "He's always played well but he's now adding goals to his game," said Ogogo. Kaikai's 11th strike of the season put Town ahead league leaders against Wigan last Saturday before the title challengers hit back in style to win 5-1. But Ogogo is staying confident over their survival chances despite having to play four sides currently in the top six in their next five games. "One defeat in 10 games isn't bad - we've been on a good run so we need to dust ourselves down and go again," said Ogogo. "We've got a tough run-in bit we can't look at other teams."
The first half was a tame affair with little for the 1,842 fans to get excited about. Queen's looked the most threatening but could not find an opening. And Cairney found the only goal of the game, picking up the ball on the edge of the box and rifling a low shot into the back of the net. The first real piece of action was for the visitors and their front man Stephen Dobbie. He won the ball from Peter Murphy, but he dragged his shot wide of the target. Minutes later Mark Millar tried his luck for Queens, but his shot was saved by the legs of Greg Fleming in the Ayr goal. The next clear cut chance came just before the half time whistle. Jordan Marshall slipped away from his marker, he whipped in a great ball from the left, but Dobbie couldn't get his head to it. The breakthrough came in the second half with Cairney's goal, and Ayr could have doubled their lead through Gary Harkins. The striker had time, but failed to get the shot on target and launched the ball over the bar. Ayr United move up to sixth spot in the Championship, with Queens now down to third after their second defeat in a row. Match ends, Ayr United 1, Queen of the South 0. Second Half ends, Ayr United 1, Queen of the South 0. Corner,  Queen of the South. Conceded by Conrad Balatoni. Attempt missed. Lee Robinson (Queen of the South) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Foul by Gary Harkins (Ayr United). Jordan Marshall (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Stephen Dobbie (Queen of the South). Foul by Kevin Nisbet (Ayr United). Andy Dowie (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Queen of the South. Conceded by Nicky Devlin. Attempt missed. Kevin Nisbet (Ayr United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Jordan Marshall (Queen of the South) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jordan Marshall (Queen of the South). Attempt missed. Stephen Dobbie (Queen of the South) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Conrad Balatoni (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Andy Dowie (Queen of the South). Andy Dowie (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Kevin Nisbet (Ayr United). Corner,  Ayr United. Conceded by Kyle Jacobs. Substitution, Ayr United. Jamie Adams replaces Paul Cairney. Attempt missed. Gary Harkins (Ayr United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is just a bit too high. Foul by Gary Harkins (Ayr United). Andy Dowie (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Queen of the South. Steven Rigg replaces Dean Brotherston. Paul Cairney (Ayr United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Paul Cairney (Ayr United). Lyndon Dykes (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Brian Gilmour (Ayr United). Grant Anderson (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Nicky Devlin (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Grant Anderson (Queen of the South). Attempt missed. Andy Dowie (Queen of the South) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Foul by Ross Docherty (Ayr United). Kyle Jacobs (Queen of the South) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Lyndon Dykes (Queen of the South) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Substitution, Ayr United. Michael Donald replaces Alan Forrest. Attempt missed. Kyle Jacobs (Queen of the South) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Substitution, Queen of the South. Grant Anderson replaces Jake Pickard.
Two army generals, a ruling coalition MP and an opposition MP had been arrested over the alleged plot, the officials added. A "small group" conspired for four months, the officials said. Chad, a staunch ally of France, has a long history of coups and revolts. Mr Deby himself seized power in a coup in 1990. The BBC's Nathalie Magnien in N'Djamena says it is business as usual in the capital and no-one seems particularly concerned about the news. There is no visible sign of increased security in the city or patrols on the streets, she says. "Between four and eight people were killed in fighting at a military barracks in the east of N'Djamena," said a police source who requested anonymity, Reuters news agency reports. By Celeste HicksFormer BBC Chad correspondent Chadians are used to news of suspected coups - power has never changed hands peacefully and President Idriss Deby Itno is constantly aware that a soldier or even someone in his own family could overthrow him. It is not yet clear who was behind this "attempt at destabilisation". Government sources say the main figure arrested is Saleh Makki, a hitherto relatively unknown member of the political opposition with no association with rebels in the past. Some are speculating that there may be a connection to Chad's recent military interventions abroad and President Deby recently accused Libya of supporting militias against him. Recent threats from the former Chadian rebel group UFR do not carry much weight as they are a spent force. What is known is that it is very difficult for the opposition to win an election - weak and divided they boycotted the 2011 presidential vote which Mr Deby won with 83%. Mr Deby changed the constitution to abolish presidential term limits in 2005. Police sources told the AFP news agency a shoot-out took place on the outskirts of N'Djamena, with three members of the security forces being among the dead. "A small group of ill-intentioned individuals attempted to carry out a destabilisation plot against the institutions of the republic," a government statement said. It said that the country's security forces "neutralised" them, without specifying how many people were involved in the alleged action. Prosecutor Mahamat Saleh Youssouf named the generals who had been arrested as Weiddig Assi Assoue and Ngomine Beadmadji David. Ruling coalition MP Mahamat Malloum and opposition MP Saleh Makki had also been arrested, he said. Mr Makki's coalition Co-ordination of Political Parties for the Defence of the Constitution (CPDC), told the BBC it was confused by his arrest. Mr Makki was arrested by police between 21:00 and 22:00 local time on Wednesday evening, his wife told the CPDC. Our reporter says it is not clear what charges they will face. Since its independence from France in 1960, Chad's history has been marked by instability and violence stemming mostly from tension between the mainly Arab-Muslim north and the predominantly Christian and animist south. Mr Deby has survived two attacks on the capital - in 2006 and 2008 - from rebels in eastern Chad. These rebels were supported by Sudan's government, which was unhappy that Darfuri rebels were using eastern Chad as a base. But a rapprochement between Chad and Sudan in 2010 has helped bring peace to that region. Earlier this year, Chad deployed some 2,000 troops to help French forces oust Islamists who had seized large swathes of territory in Mali. France said it had noted the latest events in Chad "with concern" and called on the government and opposition to engage in  "calm and constructive dialogue", AFP reports.
The latest round of bloody protests over Oromo rights had a tragically surreal beginning. A bus filled with a wedding party taking the bride to the groom's home was stopped at a routine checkpoint on 12 February near the southern Ethiopian town of Shashamane. Local police told revellers to turn off the nationalistic Oromo music playing. They refused and the bus drove off. The situation then rapidly escalated and reports indicate at least one person died and three others were injured after police fired shots. The exact details of the incident are hard to verify, but what is clear is that days of protest followed, including armed local militia clashing with federal police, leaving seven policemen dead, the government says. Oromia at a glance: Why Ethiopia is making a historic ‘master plan’ U-turn Since last November, Ethiopia has seen a third phase of the recent unrest in the Oromia region which has been unprecedented in its longevity and geographical spread. The region is the largest in Ethiopia and the Oromos, who make up a third of the population, are the biggest of the country's more than 80 ethnic groups. Initially the protests were in reaction to a plan to expand the administrative border of the capital, Addis Ababa, which is encircled by Oromia. But even after the region's governing party, the Oromo People's Democratic Organisation, which is part of Ethiopia's governing coalition, shelved the plan in January, protests have continued. "There is a strong sense of victimhood, extending back 150 years," says Daniel Berhane, a prominent Addis Ababa-based political blogger, covering Ethiopia for the website Horn Affairs. "People remember the history. The scars are still alive, such as how the Oromo language was suppressed until 20 years ago." Despite there being an ethnic basis to these protests, observers say that the deeper issues behind them, frustrations over land ownership, corruption, political and economic marginalisation, are familiar to many disenchanted Ethiopians. The numbers killed since November following clashes between protesters and security forces given by international rights organisations, activists and observers range from 80 to 250. The government has dismissed various death tolls as exaggerations, and said that a recent report on the situation by the New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) was an "absolute lie". Ethiopian citizens had a right to question the plan to expand Addis Ababa, but the protests were hijacked by people looking to incite violence, according to government spokesman Getachew Reda. He says the security forces have faced "organised armed gangs burning down buildings belonging to private citizens, along with government installations". A security analyst who closely watches Ethiopia says "there could be radical elements and factions taking advantage, but you cannot define a movement by isolated events". Despite violent incidents, the protests have been described as "largely peaceful" by HRW and observers in Ethiopia. "There is a perception of lack of competence in governance on the ground," Mr Daniel says. "There were easy remedies to appease initial protests, it was not hard science, but the right actions were not taken." In its defence, the government says it heeded the call of the people when it came to concerns over the Addis Ababa plan, and observers say the government deserves credit for withdrawing it. But the same political observers add that the government must allow Ethiopians to exercise their constitutional right to protest, and handle events in a way that does not escalate violence. The government has said that the protests and information about them have been manipulated by foreign-based opposition groups who are using social media to exaggerate what is going on for their own ends. "The diaspora magnifies news of what is happening, yes, but no matter how much it agitates, it cannot direct [what's happening] at village level in Ethiopia," says Jawar Mohammed, executive director of one of those accused of fomenting conflict, US-based broadcaster Oromia Media Network (OMN). "This is about dissatisfaction." Mr Jawar says the imprisonment of leaders of the Oromo Federalist Congress party, Oromia's largest legally registered opposition political party, along with thousands of other Oromo political prisoners, makes it difficult to negotiate a lasting solution. "Also what is the UK and US doing? As major donors to Ethiopia they should be taking the lead to get the government to work out an agreement." This is a long way from the heady days of Ethiopia's new federal constitution after the overthrow of the military dictatorship in 1991. That introduced a decentralised system of ethnic federalism, but this jars with the dominance of the governing Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF), which, along with its allies, holds every seat in parliament. "The ruling government is a victim of its own success," the security analyst says. "The constitution it developed made promises and people trusted the EPRDF. Now people are demanding those rights and the government is responding with bullets and violence." He adds that the government has expanded basic services and infrastructure, and appears to respect different cultural and ethnic identities, but it cannot reconcile this with its more authoritarian decision-making process. The government's hitherto successful job of holding together this particularly heterogeneous federation is not about to crumble, according to observers here. But things may get worse before they get better, unless underlying sources of friction and frustration are addressed.
The government last year pledged £1.4bn for child mental health by 2020, but a report says millions of pounds is being used to offset NHS cuts elsewhere. Specialist teams are also turning away up to a quarter of youngsters, it said. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the government was "determined to address" mental health problems. The previous coalition government promised in 2015 an extra £250m a year during this parliament to improve mental health services for children in England. However, Liberal Democrat MP Norman Lamb - who was a health minister at the time - has now overseen a report by an independent commission that says much of the money has failed to reach the areas where it is most needed. The report - by the Education Policy Institute Independent Commission on Children and Young People's Mental Health - says only £75m made it to the clinical commissioning groups who pay for services last year. The commission says young people are still struggling to access help - partly because of difficulties in recruiting staff, including mental health nurses and psychiatrists. According to the report, specialist services are turning away 23% of children and young people referred to them, often because there are "high thresholds" for accessing services. The authors warned that "something has to go drastically wrong before some services will intervene". The report challenged Theresa May to develop a "prime minister's challenge on children's mental health", similar to former PM David Cameron's "dementia challenge", which led to increases in investment and awareness. Mr Lamb, chairman of the commission, said: "The prime minister, in her very first speech, rightly highlighted the inadequacies of the country's mental health provision as a 'burning injustice'. "Today we call on the government to meet this commitment - and take urgent action to ensure children and young people with mental health problems receive the care they need." Bev Humphrey, chairwoman of the Mental Health Network - which represents mental health and learning disability service providers in England - said the government had failed "to come close to fulfilling its existing promises on mental health funding". "This situation means underfunded NHS and social services are struggling to help the growing number of children experiencing serious mental health problems. "With many services almost at breaking point the commission is right - it really is time to deliver." Mr Hunt said mental health services for children remained a priority and further plans to improve care would be announced "soon". "We are already investing £1.4bn to help make sure children get the right care and every area in the country has put together plans on how they will spend the money to transform children's mental health services. "We are also strengthening the links between schools and mental health services, and driving forward innovation to improve prevention and early support."
Prof Trevor Purt was suspended from Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board (BCUHB) after it was put into special measures. BCUHB ran the much-criticised Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Denbighshire, which closed in 2013. A health and care union boss said the move would "do nothing" to address "deep-seated" problems at the board. Jon Restell, chief executive of the Managers in Partnership (MiP) union, said: "This will only create more instability, which is not in the patients' interests." A report found there was "institutional abuse" at the Tawel Fan mental health unit, where patients were allegedly treated like animals in a zoo. Deputy chief executive of the Welsh NHS Simon Dean was appointed as interim head of the board on Tuesday.
Cardiff hit the woodwork twice as Joe Ralls smashed the post with a long-range first-half strike and Anthony Pilkington hit the bar with a volley. Johnnie Jackson wasted a good opening as the Charlton captain headed over Johann Berg Gudmundsson's cross. And Charlton's Simon Makienok missed two late chances as Cardiff hung on. The Bluebirds were reduced to 10 men for the final minute of injury time after midfielder Sammy Ameobi was dismissed for a second yellow card. The point moves Charlton off the bottom table but they are now six points from safety after MK Dons and Bristol City both won. It was a battle of the sides with controversial owners and in a week where Vincent Tan vowed to halve Cardiff's £140m debt, Charlton fans handed out 2,000 Pinocchio masks and stickers before kick-off in the latest protest at Addicks owner Roland Duchatelet. And their mood would not have been helped if Anthony Pilkington's header had not been deflected over with barely a minute on the clock. Ameobi and a Peter Whittingham free-kick went close for Cardiff before midfielder Ralls' 25-yard shot cannoned back off the post. Charlton's Reza Ghoochannejhad tested Cardiff goalkeeper David Marshall before an unmarked Jackson headed Gudmundsson's corner into the ground and over. Pilkington twice worried the Charton defence either side of the interval before the Cardiff striker hit the crossbar when his clever flick from Scott Malone's cross had home keeper Stephen Henderson beaten. But Charlton, with the second worst defensive record in the league, held firm and the hosts could have won their first home game since early November in added time. Zakarya Bergdich forced Marshall into a smart save before Cardiff defender Bruno Ecuele Manga cleared Makienok's effort off the line as the Welsh side drew their 13th match this season, the joint highest in the whole league. Charlton head coach Jose Riga: Media playback is not supported on this device "Cardiff deserved to win the game, but for me the most important was to see a reaction from my players. The way we played pleased me a lot. "Now we must make sure we keep this up in the next game. With these efforts we will get what we deserve. I'm realistic. Results have not been the best, but what can we do? "If you think and act like a team you can do a lot things. I believe in work, commitment and I always stay optimistic. It's a step forward." Cardiff City manager Russell Slade said: "We opened up in an effort to try and win three points rather than take just one. We had something like 22 shots and if there's any criticism we've probably only had three or four on target and that is what cost us dearly. "We felt it was two points dropped massively. We were in some good situations and it was the final shot or pass that let us down. We didn't have the final ruthless streak which was going to bring us home the three points. "The Ameobi red card was a little bit soft and it's a disappointing." Match ends, Charlton Athletic 0, Cardiff City 0. Second Half ends, Charlton Athletic 0, Cardiff City 0. Second yellow card to Sammy Ameobi (Cardiff City). Foul by Anthony Pilkington (Cardiff City). Harry Lennon (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Federico Macheda (Cardiff City). Diego Poyet (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Sammy Ameobi (Cardiff City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by El-Hadji Ba (Charlton Athletic). Attempt blocked. Simon Makienok (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Yaya Sanogo. Attempt blocked. Tom Lawrence (Cardiff City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Joe Ralls. Corner,  Cardiff City. Conceded by Morgan Fox. Attempt blocked. Simon Makienok (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Simon Makienok (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Corner,  Cardiff City. Conceded by Harry Lennon. Attempt blocked. Anthony Pilkington (Cardiff City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Sammy Ameobi. Simon Makienok (Charlton Athletic) is shown the yellow card. Lee Peltier (Cardiff City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Simon Makienok (Charlton Athletic). Attempt blocked. Johann Berg Gudmundsson (Charlton Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Simon Makienok. Corner,  Cardiff City. Conceded by Stephen Henderson. Attempt saved. Tom Lawrence (Cardiff City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Offside, Charlton Athletic. Jorge Teixeira tries a through ball, but Simon Makienok is caught offside. Foul by Anthony Pilkington (Cardiff City). Jorge Teixeira (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Charlton Athletic. Conceded by Bruno Ecuele Manga. Attempt saved. Zakarya Bergdich (Charlton Athletic) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Yaya Sanogo with a headed pass. Foul by Anthony Pilkington (Cardiff City). Jorge Teixeira (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Zakarya Bergdich (Charlton Athletic) is shown the yellow card. Anthony Pilkington (Cardiff City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Harry Lennon (Charlton Athletic). Substitution, Cardiff City. Aron Gunnarsson replaces Peter Whittingham. Substitution, Charlton Athletic. Diego Poyet replaces Reza Ghoochannejhad. Attempt blocked. Anthony Pilkington (Cardiff City) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Peter Whittingham. Substitution, Charlton Athletic. Yaya Sanogo replaces Jordan Cousins because of an injury. Attempt blocked. Jordan Cousins (Charlton Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Chris Solly (Charlton Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Jordan Cousins (Charlton Athletic) because of an injury.
One private hospital told the BBC that 90 people are on a waiting list after it ran out of supplies last week. Hundreds of thousands of people have signed a national petition for the jab to be offered to all children It follows a case in England where a mother shared pictures of her daughter dying in hospital from the illness. Under national guidelines, the vaccine is only available to babies. All babies in the UK are offered a potentially life-saving vaccine against meningitis B as part of a national immunisation programme. However, there have been calls for the age limit to be extended to children and teenagers.
Mr Gulen, who is in self-imposed exile in the US, is accused of establishing and running an "armed terrorist group". He was once an ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan but has now been accused of plotting to overthrow the Turkish government - a claim the cleric strongly denies. The US is thought to be unlikely to act on any extradition request. The move comes amid a national crackdown on perceived supporters of the cleric. Over 20 journalists working for media outlets thought to be sympathetic to the Gulen movement were arrested last weekend. Eight of them were freed on Friday on the orders of a court in Istanbul. Those released include Ekrem Dumanli, editor-in-chief of Zaman newspaper. Four others, including a TV station boss, remain in custody. According to the BBC's Mark Lowen in Istanbul, it was expected that the authorities would go after Mr Gulen after having targeted those linked to him. While the US and Turkey have an extradition agreement, the warrant is considered to be largely symbolic - and unlikely to be acted upon. The relationship between Washington and Ankara has grown fractious, though they remain allies. Mr Erdogan has faced criticism from international leaders and his opponents, who accuse him of authoritarianism and undermining free press. Many abroad believe that the charges against Mr Gulen are politically motivated. The wealthy cleric, who operates an international network of schools and businesses, has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999. According to media reports, the prosecutor filing the arrest warrant accused Mr Gulen of leading an armed terrorist group - a charge that carries up to 15 years in prison.
The company, founded by billionaire Newcastle United boss Mike Ashley, has seen its shares rise 86% since the start of the year. The FTSE 100 is updated every three months, reflecting changes in the market value of companies. The reshuffle takes effect from 23 September. Greek coke bottler Coca Cola Hellenic is also set to join the top flight of London-listed companies after it switched its primary listing from Athens to London earlier this year. But outsourcing firm Serco has been dropped after its shares fell 8.5% since the end of June. It is facing an investigation into its practices, and the potential suspension of future government contracts, saw its share price plunge earlier in the summer, before recovering slightly. Sports Direct, said in a trading update on Wednesday that sales had risen by 18.2% in the 13 weeks to the end of July, compared to the same period last year.
The survey, carried out days after Scotland voted "No", found 3% wanted to Wales to be independent. But there was support for the idea of more powers being devolved to the Welsh Assembly, with 49% in favour. ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 1,006 people in Wales over the telephone. The survey found 12% wanted to see the assembly abolished. The poll also found growing support for UKIP in Wales ahead of next year's general election. Nigel Farage's party is on 14%, up seven points from the last BBC Wales poll in March. Labour are down four points to 38%, with the Conservatives on 23% (down one), Plaid Cymru on 13% (down one) and the Liberal Democrats on 7% (down two). Prof Roger Scully of the Wales Governance Centre at Cardiff University said: "Support for independence is the lowest I've seen anywhere. "There has been a clear move towards supporting more powers, and some of the people who may have said 'independence' have gone in that direction. "We're getting close to a majority saying they want things to go further.  There are also pretty low levels of support for abolition of the assembly - the extreme positions are losing out." An analysis of the voting intention figures by Prof Scully suggests that, on a uniform swing, Labour would gain two seats in the capital - Cardiff North and Cardiff Central - at next May's general election. The Conservatives would lose Cardiff North but gain Brecon and Radnor; Plaid Cymru would retain their three seats but the Liberal Democrats would be reduced to a solitary Welsh seat at Westminster - Ceredigion. UKIP's level of support is too low to win their own seat, but high enough to have an impact on some marginal constituencies. "UKIP's support is clearly going up," said Prof Scully.  "They are starting to reach the sort of level where they could make a serious difference in marginal seats." He said most evidence suggests they are taking more support from the Conservatives than anywhere else, which could be of importance in Tory-held marginal seats like the Vale of Glamorgan and Aberconwy. ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 1,006 Welsh adults aged 18 or over by telephone on 19-22nd September 2014. Interviews were conducted across Wales and the results have been weighted to the profile of all adults. ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules. There is more on this story on Week In Week Out on BBC One Wales at 22:35 on Wednesday 24 September.
Watson's deal expires at the end of the season, but he says he has a "sense of unfinished business" at the club. "I want to stay," the 25-year old told BBC Scotland ahead of Edinburgh's derby against Glasgow Warriors on Monday. "At this point in time, I'm doing well for Edinburgh, and the best place for me to keep getting capped is playing in Scotland." Edinburgh have finished no higher than eighth in the past five Pro12 seasons, and Watson, who played every minute of Scotland's three autumn internationals, wants to follow back-row colleague Magnus Bradbury in pledging his future to the capital side. "Even though this is my sixth season, it's quite frustrating, because we win really tough games, and once we put together a season, this squad can achieve big things, and I don't want to miss that," he said. "Definitely, there is a sense of unfinished business. I believe in the next two years we can achieve a lot if we hold on to all of our players."
About 80 items, including artwork, letters and clothing from collections around the world will go on display in Winchester in the summer. Exhibits will include the author's silk pelisse coat, her purse and sewing box. A portrait, not been seen in public for more than 40 years, is also included. It is one of five to be brought together for the show. The exhibition takes place at The Gallery in Winchester Discovery Centre - a few miles from Austen's birthplace of Steventon - from 13 May to 24 July. Co-curator Louise West said: "The bringing together for the first time of five portraits of Jane Austen will, we hope, provoke reaction and excite argument about the mysterious Miss Austen. "This is a new way of exploring Austen's identity and we are thrilled to be sharing this opportunity with the public."
Henrikh Mkhitaryan's sublime solo goal proved the difference as second-placed Dortmund moved within five points. The Armenia captain ran at the away defence from deep before firing into the bottom corner from 20 yards. Pep Guardiola's side can restore their eight-point lead with a win at relegation battlers Augsburg on Sunday. Bayer Leverkusen moved into third when they fought back from behind to win 2-1 at Darmstadt, while Hertha Berlin dropped to fourth after losing 2-0 at Stuttgart. Second-bottom Hoffenheim, with new 28-year-old manager Julian Nagelsmann taking charge for the first time, drew 1-1 at relegation rivals Werder Bremen.
The chancellor claimed Britain was "walking tall again" after five years of austerity. He also cut 1p from beer duty, 2% from cider and whisky and froze fuel and wine duty. Cigarettes will go up by 16p a pack as earlier planned. Labour leader Ed Miliband said Mr Osborne had "failed working families". "This a Budget that people won't believe from a government that is not on their side," Mr Miliband told MPs. The Lib Dems - who will set out their own tax and spending plans on Thursday - claimed credit for coalition plans to raise the personal income tax allowance to £10,800 next year, more than previously expected. Users of the BBC News app tap here for the Budget Calculator. Lib Dem Business Secretary Vince Cable told BBC News: "Where we differ from the Conservatives... is that we don't believe you can deal with this deficit problem simply by cutting public spending. "Many of our public services are already under a lot of pressure so we will be arguing for a different mix." In his final set-piece pitch to voters before May's election, Mr Osborne announced that if the Conservatives win power the first £1,000 of savings interest would be tax free - meaning 95% of savers would pay no tax. He also said savings put aside for a deposit by first-time buyers would be topped up by the government - to the tune of £50 for every £200 saved - in a move that will come into force this Autumn. The new Help to Buy ISA accounts will be made available through banks and building societies. Other measures include: Mr Osborne hailed slightly better than expected growth figures, which suggest the economy will expand by 2.5% this year, rather than 2.4% and described his economic package as a "Budget for Britain - a comeback country". He said the government had met its 2010 target to end this Parliament with Britain's national debt falling as a share of GDP, meaning the "the hard work and sacrifice of the British people has paid off". Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Setting out his plans in the Commons, Mr Osborne said: "We took difficult decisions in the teeth of opposition and it worked. Britain is walking tall again. "Five years ago, our economy had suffered a collapse greater than almost any country. "Today, I can confirm: in the last year we have grown faster than any other major advanced economy in the world." He said he would use a boost in the public finances caused by lower inflation and welfare payments to pay off some of the national debt and end the squeeze on public spending a year earlier than planned. In 2019/20 spending will grow in line with the growth of the economy - bringing state spending as a share of national income to the same level as in 2000, the chancellor told MPs. The BBC's Robert Peston said this was a move aimed at neutralising Labour's claim that the Conservatives would cut spending to 1930s levels. But Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls said the Treasury's own figures showed spending at the "lowest level since 1938" in 2018/19 while the independent Office for Budget Responsibility, in its analysis, said Mr Osborne's plans implied a "rollercoaster profile" for expenditure over the next five years. Mr Osborne insisted that deficit reduction remained his top priority but also unveiled measures aimed at increasing the amount people can earn before paying tax to £10,800 next year and an above inflation rise to £43,300 by 2017 for the amount people can earn before having to pay the 40p tax rate. Some of the plans in Mr Osborne's statement are likely to depend on a Conservative victory on 7 May. Whoever wins the election is likely to set out another Budget later this year. If you think getting the debt down is the big priority, the last five years have seen a good deal of austerity for very delayed gain. It is taking precisely twice as long as George Osborne hoped to get the debt down to 70% of GDP. And to achieve that deferred gain, the Office for Budget Responsibility says the acuteness of austerity will get worse, before it gets a lot better. Read Robert's full analysis here. Labour leader Ed Miliband claimed the Conservatives had a "secret plan" to cut the NHS because they would not be able to deliver their planned "colossal cuts" to other areas of public spending and they would also be forced to increase VAT. He said Labour would reverse the tax cuts for millionaires and introduce a mansion tax to fund the NHS. He also pledged to abolish the "vindictive and unfair" housing benefit changes he calls the "bedroom tax". The SNP said Mr Osborne had "blown his last chance" to deliver for Scotland. SNP deputy leader and Treasury spokesman Stewart Hosie said: "Today George Osborne could have delivered a Budget focused on delivering economic growth by tackling inequality. "He has not - he has decided to continue with his utterly failed austerity agenda." The chancellor sprayed largesse far and wide - on drinkers and drivers, orchestras and air ambulances, churches and charities. So yes no massive giveaway, no massive rabbit, as some Tory MPs had wanted, but a glimpse of better things to come and the road - as Mr Osborne put it - from austerity to prosperity. But the essential political argument hasn't changed. Read James's full analysis here. UKIP Leader Nigel Farage said: "Mr Osborne talks about a long-term economic plan, today he pushed all his targets back and created a long grass economic plan." Green Party leader Natalie Bennett said the chancellor's "triumphalist tone" would "leave a bad taste in the mouth" of people on zero hours contracts or struggling to put food on the table. Plaid Cymru Treasury spokesman Jonathan Edwards said: "This was a 'jam tomorrow' Budget from a chancellor who is busy sharpening the axe ready for the next Parliament." Mr Osborne's sixth Budget statement came against a backdrop of a strengthening economic recovery, a fresh fall in unemployment and a rosier picture expected as a result of falling oil prices dragging down inflation. In was, in parts, an openly electioneering Budget, with Mr Osborne saying: "The critical choice facing the country now is this: do we return to the chaos of the past? Or do we say to the British people, let's work through the plan that is delivering for you?" The Budget was largely welcomed by business leaders with CBI Director General John Cridland saying it would provide the "stability and consistency" needed to boost growth. The trade unions were less impressed, with the TUC General Secretary Frances O'Grady saying: "He did not spell out where, if re-elected, he will make the huge spending cuts he plans for the next Parliament, nor did he tell Britain's low paid workers which of their benefits he will cut."
A security source told the BBC that at least 35 soldiers and allied Sunni tribesmen were killed in a series of suicide car bomb attacks. A senior IS leader was also said to have been killed east of the city. Government forces have encircled Ramadi and are preparing for a final assault on the city, which IS overran in May. Last week, troops retook the key western district of Tamim, which is only separated from the city centre by a tributary of the Euphrates, and the headquarters of the Iraqi military's Anbar Operations Command. On Monday, a senior source in the Anbar Operations Command said IS militants launched a wave of attacks across Ramadi as they tried to regain areas recently recaptured by government forces. Five suicide bombers drove cars packed with explosives at government positions, including those in the northern district of Albu Farraj, killing more than 20 soldiers and tribesmen, the source added. At least 15 militants were subsequently killed in a gun battle, before Iraqi and US-led air strikes forced the rest of the attackers to retreat. A sixth suicide car bomb attack, in south-western Ramadi, killed another 15 soldiers and tribesmen, the source said. Iraqi media also reported that an IS leader in charge of setting up car bombs had been killed along with four of his aides in a military operation in the Jazirat al-Khalidiya area, 12 miles (20km) east of Ramadi. Security sources identified the militant as Ibrahim al-Halabi, a Syrian national. The US military believes there are between 600 and 1,000 IS militants in Ramadi. It says they have developed a strong defensive system in and around the city, including using improvised explosive devices (IEDs) to create minefields.
About 80,000 lightning strikes were recorded, some damaging power generation facilities, while winds toppled over 22 transmission towers. Power was restored to Adelaide area by 03:00 local time (17:30 GMT) but tens of thousands of homes remain cut off. On Thursday, authorities advised people to leave work early as winds were expected to intensify again. How 'unprecedented' storm played out The state premier said "twin tornadoes" had hit northern areas in "an extreme weather event" on Wednesday. Jay Weatherill compared the storm to Hurricane Sandy which hit New York in 2012. He said officials in charges of the power grid had told him "any system would not be able to cope with a weather system of this kind". "We had winds which were so strong that when they hit power lines they created such energy they were tearing the towers out of the ground." While South Australia's wild weather was widely forecast, no-one could really predict the impact it would have on everyday life. In Adelaide, commuters were left feeling their way in the dark as the lights went off on their way home. Gridlock followed, as trains and trams came to a standstill. At the airport, some passengers had to depend on handwritten boarding passes, after power for the printers failed. Some describe the whole experience as "apocalyptic", while one woman, who was on the operating table in the local hospital and about to undergo surgery, said it was simply "funny". What has been predictable is that an extreme weather event has very quickly turned into an Australian political storm, with the state's dependency on renewable energy now being debated with the full force and bluster of a tornado. The Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) said the storm was a once-in-50-years event. It is forecasting further heavy rainfall throughout Thursday and into Friday. Further gales of up to 140km/h (87mph) are expected, and flood warnings remain in place. On Thursday, South Australia's State Emergency Service has warned residents to prepare for more high winds and rain, cautioning there was "a potentially very dangerous" weather system gathering, with winds of up to 125km/h (78mph) predicted. "As the winds increase, rainfall intensity is also expected to increase," said Chief Officer Chris Beattie. "High tides this afternoon and evening will result in significant storm surges" he added, recommending that workers go home early. Influential South Australian Senator Nick Xenophon has called for a independent inquiry. "This is a disgrace. How did this happen? How is an entire state blacked out?" he said. The Australian Energy Market Operator, which controls the nation's electricity network, said it was still working to understand the cause of the fault. It urged Australians to "take care during this outage and to follow the safety advice and guidelines issued by the South Australian government and emergency services".
The huge red crane crashed into a part of the Grand Mosque as it was filled with worshippers, less than two weeks before the annual Hajj pilgrimage. Officials say strong winds and heavy rains caused the crane to fall. Correspondents say there have previously been concerns about safety on Saudi construction sites. The Grand Mosque, known as the Masjid al-Haram, is the largest mosque in the world and surrounds Islam's holiest place, the Kaaba. At least 230 people were injured in the incident. It is unclear how many people were hurt by the collapse or the stampede that followed it. Those killed are reported to include Indonesian, Indian, Iranian and Egyptian citizens. The incident happened at 17:23 local time (14:23 GMT) on Friday. Videos posted online showed the moment the structure collapsed, with a loud crash followed by panic and shouting. Bodies and blood could be seen on the floor of the mosque. The head of Saudi Arabia's civil defence agency, Lt Sulayman Bin-Abdullah al-Amr, said an investigation was being carried out to assess the damage, and the "extent of the safety of these sites". Essam al-Ghalib, a Jeddah-based journalist, said the crane fell through the outer ring of the Grand Mosque and punctured through the roof sending down tonnes of cement and debris onto people either praying or walking through. Up to two million people are expected to arrive in Mecca for the Hajj from all over the world later this month. Saudi officials say the crane disaster will not prevent the Hajj going ahead. Irfan Al-Alawi, from the Islamic Heritage Research Foundation, told the BBC that the Grand Mosque is currently surrounded by 15 large cranes amid major redevelopment work. "The entire area is like a salvage yard," Mr Al-Alawi said. "Saudi Arabia has to re-think its health and safety strategy," he said, "as there were 800,000 people in the mosque area at the time of the accident." The original parts of the Grand Mosque date back 1,400 years. Consisting of a large square surrounded by covered prayer areas, the building has since been extensively modernised, notably from the mid-20th Century. Saudi authorities began a major expansion of the site last year to increase the area of the mosque by 400,000 square metres (4.3 million square feet), to allow it to accommodate up to 2.2 million people at once.
Officials laid wreaths at a memorial to victims of the Ustashe puppet regime, which incarcerated Jews, Serbs and others in brutal conditions. However, the service at Jasenovac was boycotted by Jewish and Serb groups. They say the new Croat government has not acted against renewed use of Ustashe salutes by nationalists. In January, ultra-nationalists shouted pro-Nazi slogans at a rally attended by thousands of people, including Deputy Parliamentary Speaker Ivan Tepes. Similar slogans were also chanted during a football match between Israel and Croatia in March, attended by Prime Minister Tihomir Oreskovic. Croatia's Jewish community held a separate Holocaust commemoration a week ago. Mr Oreskovic and President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic both voiced regret over the boycott. Earlier this month they explicitly condemned the Ustashe regime's crimes for the first time during a visit by Nicholas Dean, the US State Department's special envoy for Holocaust issues. Three-quarters of about 40,000 Croatian Jews were killed by the Ustashe and Jews now make up less than 1% of the population.
It was originally designed and built for billionaire adventurer Steve Fossett, who wanted to make the world's first solo dive to the bottom of the Mariana Trench. But after he died in a plane crash, former property investor Chris Welsh, who is based in California, bought the submarine and is now taking on the lonely challenge himself. Chris said: "I've been working day and night for two years pursuing this. I'm really excited to get out there and do it - I can't wait. "The rewards of this is breaking ground in so many ways - in raw human exploration, on bringing back science, and in getting a better understanding of our world." The experimental sub was created and built by British engineer Graham Hawkes. Fitted with wings and a tail fin, its design is based on that of a plane. Chris Welsh hopes to "fly" down to the bottom of the trench, and break the record for the first lone dive there, later this year. After this, he and the Virgin team also plan to plunge down four other trenches around the world, with the hope of reaching the deepest point in five oceans.
In a letter urging congregations to vote on 7 May, the House of Bishops does not endorse a political party but encourages debate on issues such as nuclear defence and the economy. It speaks of Britain's "almost moribund political culture". Conservative MP Conor Burns said the letter was "naive", but David Cameron said he welcomed the move. The 52-page letter - an unprecedented intervention by the House of Bishops - says "it is the duty of every Christian adult to vote, even though it may have to be a vote for something less than a vision that inspires us". The Bishop of Norwich, the Right Reverend Graham James, said there was "disengagement with the contemporary political culture" and rejected the pleas of some, such as comedian and actor Russell Brand, for people not to vote. He told reporters: "We as bishops are not as sexy as Russell Brand but we say 'do vote, do engage and do use the hard-won political freedoms that you possess'." The letter says the country needs "a new approach to political life that will change the political weather as decisively as did the administrations of 1945 and 1979". "The ideals that the Big Society stood for should not be consigned to the political dustbin," the letter adds. The Big Society was among the Conservatives' flagship 2010 election policies and encouraged greater personal responsibility and community activism in shaping society and running public services. But by January 2013 charities expressed "huge frustration" at a lack of progress with the idea, which they said appeared to be "going nowhere". The document covers various issues including: The bishops are well aware that their pre-election letter will be seen by some as a left-wing document - although they have been at pains to stress that their intention is not to back one party over another, nor to create a wish-list of policies - although they do ask voters to back the "living wage". They say that the two UK administrations that offered genuinely new visions - Clement Attlee's Labour party in 1945 and Margaret Thatcher's Conservatives in 1979 - changed the way people in Britain looked at society, politics and the role of government and human relationships - but that today, neither vision addresses contemporary needs, at a time of increasing public alienation from mainstream politics. In recent weeks, the Archbishops of York and Canterbury have asked questions about the increasing divides between North and South, or richest and poorest in the UK. So this latest intervention, questioning what kind of society an increasingly diverse Britain wants to be, and what kind of power it wishes to wield on the world stage, is a sign of a Church more willing to use its position to speak truth unto power, even if it is not always welcomed. Conservative MP Nadine Dorries said she believed the letter had "glaring inaccuracies" regarding the economy and the Church should be more concerned with issues people wanted to hear its views on, such as abortion. She said the bishops had a "very definite left-wing leaning to their message". However, the prime minister said he was "keen for anyone to intervene in politics". Mr Cameron said: "We want to have a political debate in this country. "We've created an economy with genuine growth, real jobs and real security and I would say to the bishops, I would hope they would welcome that." Labour leader Ed Miliband and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg have not commented on the letter. But Stephen Timms, Labour's shadow employment minister, tweeted that he welcomed the "thoughtful and authentically Christian reflection on the election debate". Conor Burns, MP for Bournemouth West, said the letter was "naive" in not taking into account the recession and the risk posed by countries like Iran. Paul Whiteley, professor of government at the University of Essex, said the letter's policies were a combination of the Green Party, SNP and "perhaps a bit of Labour". He said it had been a "long time since the Church of England aligned with the Conservative Party". The director of public affairs for the Archbishops' Council, Malcolm Brown, rejected suggestions the letter was an attack on coalition policies and criticised responses to the document. "The media response is to interpret it as an attack on the coalition," he said. "David Cameron has reacted as if the letter was a rehash of earlier disputes about welfare reform. "In short, the bishops have been thoroughly vindicated. If the responses of the media and the PM are typical of our political culture, it is unfit for purpose."
The 28-mile road - previously predicted to cost £347m - was given the green light by Scottish ministers in 2009, but was delayed by legal action. Protesters lost their appeal to the Supreme Court earlier this month. Transport Minister Keith Brown said the "unwanted delays" had resulted in a "substantial increase" in the overall cost of the project. William Walton from the protest group RoadSense, which spearheaded the legal challenge against the construction of the bypass, told BBC Scotland he believed the total cost could be even higher. It is anticipated that construction will get under way in 2014, with completion by spring 2018. In answer to a parliamentary question lodged by Aberdeen Central SNP MSP Kevin Stewart, Mr Brown said the scheme had been costed at £347m in 2008 - an estimate based on 2003 prices. He said that the figure had now risen to £653m as a result of "scope changes, the inclusion of standard risk costs and rebasing to 2012 prices". Mr Brown said inflation had been responsible for a £230m increase in the cost. A scheme to make the A90 a dual carriageway between Balmedie and Tipperty in Aberdeenshire is also expected to cost £92m, giving a total of £745m for the combined project. Mr Stewart criticised the added costs caused by the legal challenges. He said: "Not only has an essential piece of infrastructure been delayed unnecessarily, but inflation has driven up costs. "Now that the legal challenges have been exhausted, we can now move towards construction as quickly as possible." Aberdeen City Council leader Barney Crockett said: "We realised that the cost of the AWPR (Aberdeen Western Peripheral Route) would be roughly what it now is and we have made adequate provision for that. "The economic performance of the area will be underpinned by the AWPR." Tom Smith, chairman of Aberdeen City and Shire Economic Future (Acsef) business development agency, said: "The delays caused by the legal challenges were always going to impact on the costs outlined in 2003. "However, the economic and other benefits of the road are so significant that the cost will still represent a major return on investment for the public purse and people of the north east. "The final mechanics of how they will be paid are still being worked out and there will be delicate negotiations between the Scottish government and our local authorities. "But with the Scottish government paying 80% of the route and the total cost of the fast-link, the north east is getting a great deal in terms of investment in our woefully under-invested roads infrastructure."
The Innovation Factory has been built on the site of the former Mackies engineering works on Springfield Road. About half the money for the £9m project came from the EU, with the rest split between the city council and Invest NI. The building will be managed by Oxford Innovation, who run a network of similar centres across the UK. It has 111 business units and is targeting firms specialising in technology and product development. About a dozen tenants have already been signed up. Economy Minister Simon Hamilton said the scheme is "an impressive space for entrepreneurs and growing businesses". Finance Minister Máirtín Ó Muilleoir said it was "great to see the former Mackies site reborn as a hub of innovation".
Elstree 1976 was directed by Jon Spira, from Thrupp, Oxfordshire, and completed after a Kickstarter campaign raised more than Â£40,000. He said a follow-up, Elstree 1979, would focus on the stunt team from Star Wars sequel The Empire Strikes Back. Filming is due to start this summer with the filmmakers hoping to release the documentary next year. It is being produced by the Works Film Group.  However, it has not yet been decided whether there will be a second Kickstarter campaign. Mr Spira said: "Where '76 dealt with the supporting artists of A New Hope, this film will look at the stunt team from Empire Strikes Back. "Wider than that, we will tell the story of that generation of British stunt performers. We can't wait to start shooting it." The first film featured Star Wars legends such as Dave Prowse, who played Darth Vader, and Jeremy Bulloch, who played Boba Fett, alongside little known extras. Elstree 1979 will look at the work of stuntmen Colin Skeaping and Vic Armstrong, and recreate the scene in which Luke Skywalker is blown through a window during the film's climactic duel. About 1,000 people backed Elstree 1976 on Kickstarter.
With the PM away on his EU renegotiation tour, the shadow first secretary of state clashed with the chancellor for the first time, quoting Tory MPs unhappy at his progress. Mr Osborne questioned the wisdom of quoting backbenchers in a dig at the unrest in Labour ranks. He also pledged £50m in flood relief. Mr Cameron is attempting to secure reforms to the UK's relationship with the EU before holding an in-out referendum by the end of 2017. Ms Eagle, who was greeted with loud cheers as she stood up at the despatch box, said Mr Cameron had been "jetting all over the place" on his "seemingly endless European tour", adding to laughter from Labour ranks: "Can I ask the chancellor: How's it all going?" "The good news is we have a leader who is respected abroad," replied Mr Osborne, saying the PM was "fighting for a better deal for Britain, something that would never have happened had there been a Labour government". George Osborne, the bookies' favourite to replace David Cameron as Conservative leader, was then asked whether he really aspired to be "the first post-EU prime minister" by Ms Eagle, who quoted some Eurosceptic Conservative MPs as being "pretty unimpressed by how it's going". She then imitated Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's PMQs approach of reading out questions from emails he has received. In this case it was "Donald from Brussels" - a reference to EU Council president Donald Tusk, who warned of the "destabilising" effect of uncertainty over the UK's future in Europe in a letter to fellow EU leaders this week. Mr Osborne said the UK had received the "lion's share" of EU investment since announcing its EU referendum plans. George Osborne went on to say "someone called Tony" has been writing today, referred her to comments from former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair, who said in an interview published today that the current state of the party was a complete "tragedy". Ms Eagle, who is shadow business secretary, was ready with an alternative Blair quote: "Just mouth the words five more Tory years and you feel your senses and reasons repulsed by what they've done to our country." David Cameron is visiting Romania and Poland, so the chancellor - who is PMQs deputy by virtue of also having the First Secretary of State title - stepped up for his second appearance at the despatch box. Meanwhile Ms Eagle, who is shadow business secretary, was also given the shadow First Secretary of State title in Jeremy Corbyn's first shadow cabinet. This means she gets the job of deputising for her leader on such occasions, and this was her first opportunity since getting the role. Mr Osborne was given a promotion at the end of the session by Tory backbencher Peter Bone, who called him the "acting prime minister". Ms Eagle dedicated her opening questions to the flooding that has hit North West England, asking the chancellor to guarantee that money would be "no object" in the relief effort. In his response, Mr Osborne pledged £50m fund for families and businesses that have been affected. Read more on the £50m flooding announcement US tycoon and presidential hopeful Donald Trump's call for a temporary halt on Muslims entering the United States did not go unnoticed by MPs, as a petition calling for him to be banned from the UK passed 100,000 signatures. This means it must be considered for a debate in Parliament. SNP MP Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh urged Mr Osborne to back the move, while Labour MP Stephen Timms asked him to to respond to Mr Trump's "bizarre claims". The chancellor said the Republican was "profoundly wrong" but batted away calls for a ban, saying his views should instead be tackled through "robust democratic argument". Read more about the 'ban Trump' petition Labour MP Rupa Huq said two curry houses were closing a week due to government policies, and asked Mr Osborne to head off the "coming curry crisis". It has been claimed that tighter immigration rules are making it harder to hire skilled curry chefs from overseas and Ms Huq said the efforts to train up new chefs in the UK were not succeeding. We all enjoy "a great British curry" Mr Osborne replied, but said he wanted chefs to be trained in Britain. "In a funny way it was a bit like PMQs of days gone by" - BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg "Feisty Angela Eagle took full advantage of David Cameron's absence... to do that rarest of things - raise Labour spirits" - The Sun "Angela Eagle had a great debut, getting into some sparky exchanges with Osborne. Better prepped than Corbyn would be" - Asa Bennett, The Daily Telegraph "George Osborne will be satisfied with that performance, and Angela Eagle will be pleased" - Andrew Sparrow, The Guardian "This was George Osborne's audition for the top job but he ended up being reduced to a walk on part in the Angela Eagle show" - The Mirror
Jedburgh became the latest town to receive the provision last week. Councillor Stewart Bell said by the end of the latest rollout, 94% of homes in the region should have access. He added that a range of groups were working on ways to deliver superfast services to those not covered by that programme. There have been concerns in the past that the region was missing out despite major investment in broadband. Mr Bell said there were technical reasons why some sites would not see their services improve. "Over very long distances the speeds run down a bit and therefore there are some premises that are very distant from cabinets that won't see a significant improvement in services," he said. "The target for this superfast scheme which will be fully operational between 2017 and 2018 is to get 94% of premises in the Borders connected. "The remaining 6% is something that is being considered by Digital Scotland and Community Broadband Scotland in co-operation with local authorities to see if we can come up with customised local solutions."
The Met, the largest force, topped the list, spending £5.2m from 2011-16, the data showed. One critic said it did not stop the "cycle of crime", however, the National Police Chiefs' Council said it was "a cost effective tactic". A Home Office spokesman said it was "an operational matter for police". Informants can get anything from a few pounds for basic information, up to several thousand pounds for helping break up organised crime. Payments are typically used to solve - or prevent - crimes including murder, terrorism and serious sexual offences, and can also be made to recover valuable stolen items. Ronnie Howard, a former undercover police officer, said he made regular payments to informants, and in one case paid out £15,000 over 12 months in order to recover £3m worth of cannabis. He said informants were usually recruited after being arrested and offered either money or a possible sentencing deal in court in return for information supplied. Figures obtained by 5 live Breakfast, under a freedom of information request revealed 41 forces in England and Wales collectively paid £19.59m to informants between 2011 and 2016. The Police Service of Northern Ireland spent almost £2m during the same period while Police Scotland, who only released figures for 2013-16, revealed it had spent £565,248. There are no statistics available to show how many convictions have come as a result of paying informants - or covert human intelligence sources as they are officially known - but the National Police Chiefs' Council defended the practice. Deputy Chief Constable Roger Bannister said: "The intelligence provided helps to prevent and solve the most serious of crimes and is vital in bringing offenders to justice through the courts. "This is a well-established and highly regulated, worthwhile, and cost effective tactic, with the money paid to informants being very closely scrutinised." But, Neil Wood, who worked as an undercover police officer and ran many informants, said the tactic has its limitations. "It can be effective for certain crimes but for others - such as the war on drugs - using informants merely ensures that the cycle of violence and brutality continues," he said. "Nobody wants to inform on the drug lords because of fears of violent reprisals, so it's only the low-lying fruit that gets caught out - and the trade continues regardless. "Nobody can call that effective. Overall it does little to bring down the level of overall crime." Of those which responded, 39 forces in England and Wales provided annual breakdowns, which suggested payments had fallen from £4.1m in 2011/12 to just over £3.1m last year. North Wales Police paid out the smallest amount, handing over just under £40,000 over five years. South Yorkshire Police and Cleveland Police did not provide figures. Police forces are audited on their use of informants and are inspected annually by the Office of Surveillance Commissioners to ensure they are not breaking the law. A Home Office spokesman said decisions on the operational deployment of resources "are matters for chief constables", adding: "There is no question that the police still have the resources to do their important work. "We have provided a fair provisional funding deal for 2017/18. "It provides stable funding for the police and enables essential policing reform and transformation to go further and faster so that we help the vulnerable, cut crime and support our communities."
However, Better Together leader Alistair Darling said "there is no way back" from independence and his campaign would target undecided voters. The latest opinion polls have suggested the vote is too close to call. Both men were speaking to the BBC's Andrew Marr show. Mr Salmond said: "We're not aiming to win by one vote. We're aiming to achieve a substantial majority if we can." He added: "We tend to take the attitude that there isn't so much as a 'No' voter in Scotland, there are only deferred 'Yeses', and that's been one of the successes of our campaign." Asked if he would seek another referendum if there was a "No" vote on Thursday, the SNP leader said: "If you remember that previous constitutional referendum in Scotland - there was one in 1979 and then the next one was 1997. "That's what I mean by a political generation. "In my opinion, and it is just my opinion, this is a once in a generation opportunity for Scotland." Mr Darling commented: "I said a year ago that this race would narrow as we got towards the wire and that is precisely what has happened. "It's not surprising. It's the biggest single decision we will ever take. "If we vote to leave the UK on Thursday then there's no going back. It's not like an election where you can change your mind if things don't work out. "If things go wrong this time, we've already voted - we're leaving. "There is no way back, which is why in the next five days we will be targeting the 500,000 or so voters who have still got to make their minds up, because the decision is that critical." He argued there was uncertainty over whether firms would move their headquarters out of Scotland and over how the NHS and pensions would be funded if the country became independent. And he argued that "about a million jobs here in Scotland depend on us being part of the UK". Mr Salmond told the Andrew Marr programme that if "Yes" won there would "cease to be a 'Yes' campaign and a 'No' campaign - there will be a Team Scotland". He said he wanted "as many voices as possible" and welcomed an indication from Secretary of State for Scotland Alistair Carmichael last month that he would join such a negotiating team. Mr Salmond said his negotiating team had "recruited specialism in a variety of fields". The first minister renewed his claim that the Bank of England would be "a shared central bank" after independence. "There will be a sustainability agreement between the governments in terms of borrowing levels and debt levels," he said. "We set that out in our proposals." The UK government has said it would not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland, but Mr Salmond argued American economist Joseph Stiglitz had said "a shared currency is a very, very viable and common sense thing to do". Meanwhile, Mr Darling again said the pro-Union parties would deliver more powers for the Scottish Parliament if there was a "No" vote. "It's quite a clear choice now," he said. "We can have faster, safer and better change, reform so that we can strengthen the health service, we can safeguard jobs. "But you don't have the risks that come with independence, to jobs, to the funding of pensions and the health service, the uncertainty about currency." Pressed on whether details of more powers would be available ahead of the vote, the Better Together leader said: "What has been agreed is the timetable that will bring together the proposals made by the three non-nationalist parties. "Now that's abundantly clear that we will be able to start that process on Friday, if we vote to stay in the United Kingdom." The interviews came after Yes Scotland campaigners claimed their private canvassing showed "the votes are there for a 'Yes' majority". However, Better Together said the "No" vote was "holding up". Three polls have put the "No" campaign in the lead, while one has put the pro-independence "Yes" campaign ahead. The latest poll of polls collating the six most recent surveys - carried out between 9 and 12 September and excluding "don't knows" - puts the "No" campaign on 51% and the "Yes" campaign on 49%. The pro-independence Yes Scotland campaign has not revealed the number of people it has talked to during its private canvassing, but claimed to have achieved a higher return than ever before. Better Together campaign director Blair McDougall said polls showed the referendum vote was "on a knife-edge". Better Together published a poll on Saturday suggesting 53.5% opposed independence and 46.5% backed it, when undecided voters were excluded. The telephone poll, commissioned by Better Together from pollsters Survation, reached 1,044 respondents, with an effective sample size of 927. Conducted between 10 and 12 September, it also pointed to a very high turnout, with 93% of voters surveyed saying they are certain to vote. Another poll for the Observer newspaper, gave the "No" campaign a six point lead - 53% to the pro-independence campaign's 47%. And a new Sunday Times poll - conducted by Panelbase - puts the voters who intended to vote "No" on 50.6% while the "Yes" campaign was on 49.4%. However, an ICM poll for the Sunday Telegraph has suggested Scotland could become independent, putting the "Yes" camp in the lead. Excluding undecided voters it found "Yes" to be on 54% and "No" on 46%. The poll was carried out between 10 and 12 September and had a sample size of 705 - smaller than many of the other polls. A referendum on whether Scotland should become independent is to take place Meanwhile, a leading economist has said there is "little basis" for "fear-mongering" over the economy of an independent Scotland. Joseph Stiglitz countered the view of fellow Nobel prize-winning economist Paul Krugman, who recently warned that Scotland would face "huge risks" going it alone and told Scots to "be very afraid". Mr Stiglitz said that while there would be risks in the event of a Yes vote, the risks of Scotland remaining in the union and UK leaving the EU would be "significantly greater". In an article published in the Sunday Herald and the Scotsman, he urged Scots to focus on "vision and values" in the last few days before the crucial vote. He said: "Krugman, for instance, suggests that there are significant economies of scale: a small economy is likely, he seems to suggest, not to do well. "But an independent Scotland will still be part of Europe, and the great success of the EU is the creation of a large economic zone. "By an order of magnitude, far more important than size is the pursuit of the right policies."
Seven people were charged with stealing and conspiracy to steal a baby from the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital earlier in February. Suwaiba Mumuni, whose baby is among the five missing, told the BBC she believes her child is still alive. The hospital, the second largest in Ghana, has denied the allegations. The BBC's Sammy Darko in the capital, Accra, says the case of the missing babies has caused outrage in Ghana. Youths stormed the hospital in Kumasi, 270km (167 miles) north-west of Accra, on Thursday, temporarily closing the maternity wards, he says. Ms Mumuni said after she gave birth on 5 February, she was told that her baby was stillborn and it was taken away by attendants. When her relatives arrived later in the day to collect the body for burial, it could not be found, she said. "The only news I am expecting to hear is that my baby has been found," Ms Mumuni told the BBC. "They told me my baby is dead, but they have not been able to produce the body... I am confident my baby is alive." The bodies of another four babies allegedly delivered stillborn that day are also missing. "The ministry will leave no stone unturned until the truth is established," Health Minister Sherry Ayittey said in a statement. Ms Ayittey said the hospital had 14 working days to find the bodies of the babies "for burial by the families". Staff at the hospital, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said they often felt overwhelmed and there were inadequate resources to deal with demand. Our reporter says the seven people charged on Thursday over Ms Mumuni's missing baby were given bail.
The site owned by Global Energy Group joins Wick Harbour in Caithness in securing work on the Â£2.6bn Beatrice Offshore Windfarm Ltd (Bowl) project. Siemens, one of the companies involved in Bowl, will use the yard for assembling turbines from spring 2018. Once assembled the turbines would be towed out to the wind farm site. The project, which also involves energy giant SSE, is to be created about eight miles off Wick. Global said Nigg's involvement would help to secure work for more than 100 people. The Scottish government, Highland Council, Highlands and Islands Enterprise, Scottish Council for Development and Industry (SCDI) and Scottish Renewables have welcomed the announcement. Business, Innovation and Energy Minister, Paul Wheelhouse, said: "Offshore renewables represent a huge opportunity for Scotland; an opportunity to build up new industries and to deliver on Scotland's ambitious renewable energy and carbon reduction targets for 2020 and beyond. "I am delighted that this multi-million pound contract between Global Energy Group and Siemens will enable Nigg Energy Park to develop into a genuine multi-energy site, securing around 100 direct and indirect jobs and associated supply chain opportunities. "This contract arising from installation of the Beatrice Offshore Wind farm will provide a very welcome boost to the local economy in Ross-shire and the wider Highland Council area." Regional director for the Highlands and Islands, Fraser Grieve, said: "Today's announcement of Nigg's involvement in the Beatrice Offshore wind project shows the positive economic impact that this major development will have on the region over the coming years. "Nigg, and the wider Cromarty Firth, has much to offer and this agreement is not only a boost for the Global Energy Group but will benefit the supply chain through the area." Lindsay Roberts, senior policy manager at renewable energy industry group Scottish Renewables, said: "The contract signed today will help breathe new life into this Highland port. "Scotland's offshore wind industry has huge potential for both our economy and our environment, and it's great to see Nigg reaping the benefits. "As other wind farms with planning consent in the Scottish North Sea begin to develop, agreements like this will play a key role in securing benefits not just for communities on the east coast, but for the whole of Scotland."
Their evidence, obtained from the cockpit voice recorder and other information outlines in more detail how co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28, brought down the Airbus. So how did this final half hour unfold? Germanwings flight 4U 9525 took off from Barcelona Airport in Spain heading for Duesseldorf, Germany, with 150 people on board, at 09:00 GMT on 24 March. The Airbus 320 began travelling over the sea towards France, taking about half an hour to climb to 38,000ft (11,600m). It should have been a two-hour flight and, in the first 20 minutes, the pilots could be heard discussing the stop-over at Barcelona with a flight attendant. At 09:30 the plane made its final contact with air traffic control - a routine message about permission to continue on its route. Everything seemed to be going as planned. Shortly afterwards, the captain told the co-pilot he was leaving the cockpit and asked him to take over radio communications. The cockpit door is heard opening and closing on the recording. Seconds later, shortly before 09:31, the selected altitude was changed from 38,000 ft to 100 ft and the plane began its descent. At 09:33, the plane's speed increased. Air traffic control contacted the co-pilot - and continued to do so over the coming minutes - but received no answer. A buzzer requesting access to the cockpit sounded at 09:34. Knocking and muffled voices asking for the door to be opened  can be heard until the end of the recording. At 09:39, "noises similar to violent blows on the cockpit door were recorded on five occasions" over the course of a minute. The flight crew of another plane also tried to make contact with the cockpit by radio around this time. In the next minute - 93 seconds before impact - "low amplitude inputs" on the co-pilot's flight controls were recorded. But the level of movement was too low to disengage the autopilot, so the input made no change to the flight path. The "Terrain, Terrain, Pull Up, Pull up" warning was triggered at 09:40: 41 and it continues until the end of the recording at 09:41:06. French prosecutor Brice Robin gave details of events on board the Airbus when he briefed journalists after the cockpit voice recorder was analysed in the days after the crash. During the first 20 minutes of the flight, he said, the co-pilot's responses were courteous but he became "curt" when the captain began the mid-flight briefing on the planned landing. It was shortly after this that the captain left the cockpit, probably to go to the toilet, and within seconds Lubitz had altered the flight monitoring system to send the aircraft into descent. "This action on the altitude controls can only be deliberate," said Mr Robin. In the 10 minutes it took for the plane to plummet through the sky, Lubitz did not say a word and his breathing remained normal - despite repeated attempts by crew members and air traffic control to get him to respond. The Airbus descended at a rate of about 3-4,000ft per minute. The last radar contact was at 09.40:47 GMT at 6,175ft. During the very last moment of the recording passengers can be heard screaming. Mr Robin said he believed they were unaware of what was happening in the cockpit up until this point. The plane hit the mountain at 700km/h (430mph) an hour.  "Death was instant," he added.
A video of the 13-year-old's murder has gone viral on social media. The killers accused the boy of trying to steal a bicycle rickshaw van in the north-eastern city of Sylhet. Three people have been detained, including the main suspect who fled to Saudi Arabia after the attack. Suspected thieves are often attacked by mobs in Bangladesh. But the BBC's South Asia editor, Joanna Jolly, says that the brutality of the assault has caused widespread outrage and led to police forming a special squad to investigate the killing. One of the attackers filmed the assault on Samiul Alam Rajon on Wednesday on his mobile phone, while the others tied the boy to a pole and hit him repeatedly with a metal rod. He screamed for help, the Daily Star reported, and cried for water as he begged for his life. The men can be heard laughing and jeering at him as they told him that they would post the video on Facebook. After the boy was killed, the attackers took his body to a secluded dump, the paper reported, about 600ft (180m) away from the torture spot. But they were spotted by some locals who chased them. Three of the group escaped, but one man was caught and handed over to the police. Another was later detained, while the main suspect was arrested in Saudi Arabia. "It's a sad and unfortunate incident," Bangladesh's Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal was quoted by bdnews.24 as saying. "One [man] has been remanded and another has been arrested. The rest will be arrested soon. None will be spared." An autopsy report said that Samiul - who helped his family to sell vegetables - died of a brain haemorrhage after sustaining head injuries. More than 60 injury marks were found on his body. A Twitter page in his honour has been set up.
Now, on the surface, these words from Michael Gove shouldn't be surprising. A minister wouldn't advertise disunity. The surprise though is that - as one of the most prominent Leave campaigners - he was talking about an implementation period post-Brexit which could last for an unspecified amount of time. Insiders say his arrival at the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and dealing with the powerful farming lobby may have influenced his view. Some of the most prominent Remain ministers have been expressing relief - tinged in one case with just a hint of triumphalism - that they think in recent weeks that they have managed to sell the idea of a soft landing -  or as some say "no cliff edge" - after the UK leaves the EU in 2019 to some of their more sceptical colleagues. So much for unity. Where do differences still lie? It was interesting that, in answering my question on whether freedom of movement would continue under an implementation period, that Michael Gove didn't rule this out. Migration, he argued, would be decided by the needs of the economy. But for how long? The tectonic plates may have moved on a transitional deal but its duration is where cabinet fault lines persist. Liam Fox has been pretty clear he doesn't want to contemplate anything more than two years. As one minister put it - he has waited forty years to leave the EU so two more won't matter. But anther prominent cabinet Brexiteer told me he thought it would be a "disaster" if the implementation period hadn't concluded by the assumed date of the next election in 2022 while others have talked about anything up to a four year period. Then what form will any transition take? Could there be temporary membership of the European Economic Area? Some leavers might be suspicious that temporary would become permanent. Should we stay in the customs union a bit longer until we hammer out a bespoke deal post Brexit? The EU is unlikely to get the clarity it seeks until there is clarity around the cabinet table. So while some Remainer ministers I have spoken to this week were upbeat, relaxed and chipper - and believe that British business is making its influence felt - many issues remain unresolved. And, of course, I use the term 'Remainer" historically - the cabinet is also united on leaving the EU but the question is how. There has been talk of soft, hard and clean Brexits. Increasingly another word has entered the lexicon. David Davis uses it. Michael Gove used it today. Expect to hear more of it. Pragmatic. That's now the goal - a pragmatic Brexit. And that necessarily means compromise at cabinet level as well as with the EU.
After 100 minutes of gruelling rugby union in front of a packed Twickenham, Alex Waller's score in the final minute of extra-time was eventually allowed to stand and Jim Mallinder's side were left celebrating their maiden league crown. On Friday night, Saints will embark on the defence of their trophy against Gloucester at Kingsholm, hoping to become only the third side to win successive titles in the play-off era. It kicks off an exciting opening weekend of action, which sees last year's Premiership and Heineken Cup runners-up Saracens take on Wasps, before Harlequins play London Irish, in the London double header. Elsewhere, Leicester Tigers, also denied by a late Northampton try in the play-off semi-finals, host Newcastle Falcons, and newly-promoted London Welsh kick off their return to the top flight with a home match against Exeter. With a home World Cup starting in September 2015, this season could take on extra significance for those plying their trade in the Premiership as they look to muscle their way in on the action. BBC Sport has teamed up with BBC local radio and experts for an at-a-glance guide to the campaign ahead. BBC local radio will be providing live commentary of matches throughout the Premiership season, which you can access through the rugby union commentaries page. How have Bath fared in the transfer market? BBC Points West's Damian Derrick: "Most significantly, Bath have the arrival of the hugely-talented Sam Burgess to look forward to. The West Country club's marquee signing from rugby league will certainly make an impact and could add yet another significant dimension. "The recruitment otherwise has been low key and shows the faith head coach Mike Ford has in his players." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Bath's biggest challenge may well be emulating their performances of 2013-14, with all the other teams now knowing what's coming. They made huge strides last season with new players and a developing style of play which surprised many in the rugby fraternity. "However, they must start their campaign without two key members of a largely dominant pack. Matt Garvey misses the first couple of months, with a recurrence of the ankle injury that saw him miss the end of last season, and Francois Louw doesn't return from South Africa duty until October. "Missing out on a top-four Premiership place and losing the European Challenge Cup final has been Bath's motivation over the summer to make that next step." Damian Derrick's Premiership prediction: Third How have the Chiefs fared in the transfer market? BBC Radio Devon's Nigel Walrond: "The Chiefs have added three internationals to their squad to bolster hopes for the new season, with Scotland prop Moray Low arriving from Glasgow, former England number Thomas Waldrom from Leicester and Namibian full-back Chysander Botha from South African Super 15 franchise the Lions. "Mitch Lees, Tomas Francis, Elvis Taione and Adam Hughes have also been picked up from Championship clubs." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Exeter are looking to improve on their eighth-place finish last season, and hope the fact they are not in the top tier of European rugby this season will enable them to concentrate on the Premiership and put less pressure on their squad. "One area they need to boost is their home form." Nigel Walrond's Premiership prediction: Seventh How have Gloucester fared in the transfer market? BBC Radio Gloucestershire's Paul Furley: "Gloucester's recruitment for 2014-15 has been impressive, with high-profile signings in John Afoa, Richard Hibbard, Tom Palmer and Mariano Galarza boosting the front five where they were most exposed last season. "The addition of international experience of Greig Laidlaw and James Hook should add class and control at half-back to unleash the Cherry and Whites' outside backs at the right time with quality possession." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Despite all the signings, Gloucester are playing catch-up having sacked Nigel Davies at the end of last season, and taken their time to bring in David Humphreys as director of rugby and Lawrie Fisher as head coach. "How they, plus other new coaches Nick Walshe and John Muggleton, adapt to working with a squad that they inherited from someone else's vision - and how the players adapt to what is asked of them - may prove to be Gloucester's biggest challenge." Paul Furley's Premiership prediction: Sixth How have Quins fared in the transfer market? BBC London 94.9's Sara Orchard: "Once again Harlequins have remained quiet in the transfer market as director of rugby Conor O'Shea tinkers rather than transforms his squad. "Only Northampton have made less signings as just two new Quins' faces arrive. England wing Marland Yarde made the short hop from London Irish, while Super 15 wing/centre Asaeli Tikoirotuma arrived from the Chiefs at the end of August." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "The 2013-14 season was the first for three years without silverware for the London outfit, but another Premiership top-four finish and reaching the knock-outs of Europe is well within the team's ability. "The announcement of England prop Joe Marler as captain has raised eyebrows across the rugby community but O'Shea's man management has been pretty flawless throughout his tenure in south-west London. The decision to promote the 24-year-old is an exciting prospect for all Premiership fans - who could forget when Marler shaved a sausage company's name into his hair. Whether Chris Robshaw being relieved of the skipper's duties is right for him, his club and his country, won't be known until next year." Sara Orchard's Premiership prediction: Fourth How have Tigers fared in the transfer market? BBC Radio Leicester's Martin Ballard: "Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill has been busy. Out go Toby Flood (Toulouse) George Chuter (retired), Thomas Waldrom (Exeter), Dan Bowden (Auckland Blues) and Steve Mafi (Western Force), along with a number of young developing players. In come a selection of experienced internationals, while Freddie Burns takes Flood's place. "There are a number of former Treviso players; Leonardo Ghiraldini, Michele Rizzo, Robert Barbieri and Christian Loamanu. Add to that Seremaia Bai, Laurence Pearce and the latest recruit, All-Black legend Brad Thorn." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "After nine consecutive Premiership finals, the Tigers didn't make a single final last season - let alone win a trophy. So, their aspirations are to put that right at a club where the heritage is steeped in success and expectations are high. "Cockerill has also recruited the Australian Rugby League legend Phil Blake as their new defence coach to correct an area of their game which was regarded as a weakness last season. "The Tigers are a top-four team and they would expect to qualify for the Premiership semi-finals again. It will be very competitive at the top of the table again, but I think the top two will be between Saracens, Tigers and Saints." Martin Ballard's Premiership prediction: First How have London Irish fared in the transfer market? BBC Radio Berkshire's Chris Egerton: "London Irish were desperately short of power and depth up front last season which is reflected in the summer arrivals. International props in the form of Ireland's Tom Court (Ulster) and Scotland's Geoff Cross (Edinburgh) may prove to be their shrewdest signings. "But the loss of England wing Marland Yarde to Harlequins is bound to hurt. James O'Connor's departure to Toulon less so." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "There's more of a feel-good factor at London Irish. With new owners on board and a new training complex up and running, the Exiles could be more competitive this year. "How much they improve compared to Exeter, Gloucester, Wasps and Sale is hard to predict, but Irish hopes of Champions Cup qualification are not without foundation." Chris Egerton's Premiership prediction: Seventh How have London Welsh fared in the transfer market? BBC Sport's Nabil Hassan: "Championship play-off winners London Welsh have made 25 new signings for their return to the top flight. Yes, that's right, 25. Among them are New Zealand's former World Cup winning scrum-half Piri Weepu and ex-England outside half Olly Barkley. "Australian back-row forward Lachlan McCaffrey and Argentina prop Pablo Henn are another two new signings who will help strengthen the pack." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Having been relegated two seasons ago, privately London Welsh will be delighted with avoiding relegation this campaign, but publicly they are setting their sights a lot higher. "'We want to do ourselves proud, we're not here only to survive,' Welsh head coach Justin Burnell told me last week." Nabil Hassan's Premiership prediction: 11th How have the Falcons fared in the transfer market? BBC Newcastle's Ian Smith: "The Falcons have been active in bringing new blood to Kingston Park, both on and off the field. "Off the field John Wells moves up to head the coaching staff and Dave Walder has been brought in to share his experience as a top quality fly-half and help create a style of rugby that will hopefully take advantage of the new Kingston Park plastic pitch. "On the field the squad has been bolstered by the addition of 10 players. Current Italian international Josh Furno is the standout signing in the pack but it is the arrival of Tuilagi brothers Alex and Andy that has raised eyebrows and also expectations on Tyneside. Alex is the star attraction having scored 46 Premiership and 15 Heineken Cup tries in his eight seasons in England's top flight, but at 33 years of age and having spent the last two seasons in Japan, the Kingston Park faithful will hope that his body does not give up. "The Falcons squad looks stronger than last year but fly-half is still a concern." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Newcastle's first season back in the Premiership was a success in as much as they did not finish bottom. The run of 16 successive defeats is the worst in Newcastle's history, and everyone involved with the club will have fingers crossed that can be halted. "Last season the poor condition of the Kingston Park pitch was highlighted as a major factor in producing some rather uninspiring rugby, but that problem is no more as a new plastic surface awaits the boots of the new season's protagonists. It will be interesting to see if the pitch benefits the Falcons and their much talked about change of playing style - or enable the opposition to move further away. "Ambitions at Kingston Park will again be survival." Ian Smith's Premiership prediction: 11th How have Saints fared in the transfer market? BBC Radio Northampton's Ian Hunter: "Fly-half Joel Hodgson is one of champions Saints' two signings this summer - the other being back-row Jon Fisher - and director of rugby Jim Mallinder is looking at the former for the nine spot, but I cannot see that improving on Kahn Fotuali'i and Lee Dickson. "Last year was great for young player development. Saints were able to bring players through players including Tom Stephenson, Tom Collins, Will Hooley, James Craig, Mike Haywood, Alex and Ethan Waller and I expect a number of them to push for regular places this season. "Where could they add strength? A world-class right-winger wouldn't go amiss - power, searing pace or both is always difficult to defend against. Jamie Elliot and Ken Pisi are quality players and I'm nit-picking for the best. A concern I do have is an understudy to fly-half Steven Myler. We saw how much Saints missed him last year when he was out." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "They came into last season as the nearly men but they managed to shake that title. Mallinder will not want that to be a one-off. That is why this year is even more important to the future of the club and this group of players. "Another successful season will project Northampton from a good club to a great one, or at least going in that direction. With success comes the ease of retaining and attracting talent on the pitch, and off it the commercial upshot of more lucrative sponsorship deals. "Mallinder will definitely have one eye on the European Rugby Champions Cup. The Saints have a very good draw and a great shot of throwing their hat in the ring for the final rounds. League and European glory? That might be a bridge too far but Mallinder will be disappointed if he doesn't get one of them. That's his ambition - and mine." Ian Hunter's Premiership prediction: First How have Sale fared in the transfer market? BBC Radio Manchester's Nathan Middleton: "After losing some of their young English talent over the summer, Steve Diamond has replaced them with proven internationals, with Nathan Hines, Luke McLean and Alberto de Marchi joining. Elsewhere, Chris Cusiter is a more than able replacement for the departing Dwayne Peel at scrum-half and Magnus Lund could be one of the Premiership's most inspired signings." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Sale will be looking to push on from their top-half finish last season and have ambitions of getting into the top four, which they had a sniff at in the closing months of the last campaign. "The Sharks will ultimately be looking to finish sixth or better again but have targeted beating more of the top sides, as well as being competitive in their difficult European Rugby Champions Cup group." Nathan Middleton's Premiership prediction: Sixth How have Sarries fared in the transfer market? BBC London 94.9's Andrew Rowley: "It has been a quieter summer by the standards of recent years at Saracens. Last year's runners-up have bid farewell to some big players, such as Steve Borthwick and Matt Stevens, and will hope Scotland international Jim Hamilton and Argentina's Juan Figallo can step into the breach. "Prop Kieran Longbottom arrives from Western Force and they have also recruited Mike Ellery from England Sevens. The injury to Mako Vunipola is a blow but they have the cover." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Saracens enter every tournament with the ambition to win it, as demonstrated by their final appearances in both the Premiership and Heineken Cup last season. It would be a huge shock if they are not in the mix for both competitions again come May next year. "It will rankle with the leaders at the club that for all the impressive progress on and off the field in the last few years, the 2011-12 Premiership title is still the only trophy to show for all their hard work and investment. "Last season they recorded a record points total in the regular Premiership season and I can see them finishing top of the pile again. Then it is about managing their resources if they are battling on two fronts again." Andrew Rowley's Premiership prediction: First How have Wasps fared in the transfer market? BBC London 94.9's Sara Orchard: "The Wasps HR department have been pretty busy as director of rugby Dai Young sees 13 players depart and 12 arrive. While the loss of Tom Palmer (Gloucester) and Charlie Hayter (England Sevens) will be felt, there's plenty of incoming talent. "The arrival of Sale's James Gaskell could see a formidable second-row partnership built with Joe Launchbury. Keep an eye out for Scotland's Ruaridh Jackson pushing Andy Goode at fly-half, along with Hurricanes Super 15 import Alapati Leiua causing chaos across the backline." What are their hopes and ambitions for the new season? "Wasps' potential has never quite been realised in recent seasons because of their ongoing medical bill. "Seeing both Tom Varndell and Christian Wade as regulars on the team sheet should do wonders for the fans' nerves. If they pick up this season where they left off the last - doing the double over Stade Francais to secure the last European Rugby Champions Cup spot - this maturing team will cause problems for others in all competitions. "Dai Young will have been hard pressed to ignore the number of points scored against them in their 2013-14 campaign and no doubt attention will have been paid to tighten up their defence. The announcement of 'The Brand' James Haskell as captain has been hugely popular with the Wasps fans, as the England flanker leads by example on the pitch. He'll be looking to impress for his club to hopefully force the issue of selection for his country, with the 2015 World Cup now in touching distance." Sara Orchard's Premiership prediction: Sixth
Mark Gourley, from the Castlemara estate in Carrickfergus, was reported missing in March 2009. He was last seen in the Burney's Lane area of Glengormley. In 2013, police investigating the 36-year-old's disappearance said they had begun a murder inquiry. On Monday, two men, aged 45 and 43, were arrested in Carrickfergus. The pair were released on police bail on Monday night pending further enquiries. The body of Mr Gourley, who was described by police as a "vulnerable individual" who had been on medication at the time of his disappearance, has never been found. Det Insp Darren McCartney appealed to anyone who may have information about Mark's disappearance or who may have seen Mark on or after 7 March 2009 to contact police. "Previous appeals for information did generate reports of sightings but the last definite sighting of Mark was at 2.30pm on 7 March 2009 in the Burney's Lane area of Glengormley," he said. "Mark did not have a mobile phone or a significant amount of money with him when he disappeared." Police said although Mr Gourley was last seen in the Glengormley area, he was from the Castlemara area of Carrickfergus and he may have returned to that area on 7 March 2009. "Police are asking for anyone who may have noticed vehicles or individuals acting suspiciously in either the Burney's Lane area of Glengormley or in the Castlemara area of Carrickfergus around 7 March 2009 to contact police on the non-emergency number 101," Det Insp McCartney said. "I believe there are people in these communities who have knowledge of what happened to Mark. "Additionally, people may have heard rumours about what happened to Mark. I would appeal to them to share this information with police. "If anyone has information about him, I would ask them to examine their conscience and come forward to police." Mr Gourley was about 5ft, 9" tall, described as well-built, with fair, cropped hair, and an eyebrow bolt in his right eyebrow. At the time of his disappearance, was wearing a black, zipped jacket with a grey motif on the back of the shoulders, dark Umbro tracksuit bottoms, black trainers and may have been wearing a blue Glasgow Rangers woollen hat.
The Chinese game is viewed as a much tougher challenge than chess for computers because there are many more ways a Go match can play out. The tech company's DeepMind division said its software had beaten its human rival five games to nil. One independent expert called it a breakthrough for AI with potentially far-reaching consequences. The achievement was announced to coincide with the publication of a paper, in the scientific journal Nature, detailing the techniques used. Earlier on Wednesday, Facebook's chief executive had said its own AI project had been "getting close" to beating humans at Go. But the research he referred to indicated its software was ranked only as an "advanced amateur" and not a "professional level" player. Go is thought to date back to ancient China, several thousand years ago. Using black-and-white stones on a grid, players gain the upper hand by surrounding their opponents pieces with their own. The rules are simpler than those of chess, but a player typically has a choice of 200 moves compared with about 20 in chess. There are more possible positions in Go than atoms in the universe, according to DeepMind's team. It can be very difficult to determine who is winning, and many of the top human players rely on instinct. DeepMind's chief executive, Demis Hassabis, said its AlphaGo software followed a three-stage process, which began with making it analyse 30 million moves from games played by humans. "It starts off by looking at professional games," he said. "It learns what patterns generally occur - what sort are good and what sort are bad. If you like, that's the part of the program that learns the intuitive part of Go. "It now plays different versions of itself millions and millions of times, and each time it gets incrementally better. It learns from its mistakes. "The final step is known as the Monte Carlo Tree Search, which is really the planning stage. "Now it has all the intuitive knowledge about which positions are good in Go, it can make long-range plans." Tested against rival Go-playing AIs, Google's system won 499 out of 500 matches, And last October, DeepMind invited Fan Hui, Europe's top player, to its London office for a series of games, each of which the AI won. "Many of the best programmers in the world were asked last year how long it would take for a program to beat a top professional, and most of them were predicting 10-plus years," Mr Hassabis said. "The reasons it was quicker than people expected was the pace of the innovation going on with the underlying algorithms and also how much more potential you can get by combining different algorithms together." Prof Zoubin Ghahramani, of the University of Cambridge, said: "This is certainly a major breakthrough for AI, with wider implications. "The technical idea that underlies it is the idea of reinforcement learning - getting computers to learn to improve their behaviour to achieve goals. "That could be used for decision-making problems - to help doctors make treatment plans, for example, in businesses or anywhere where you'd like to have computers assist humans in decision making. "It doesn't mean that Google is ahead of all other companies in AI - there are many artificial intelligences. "But in terms of devoting resources to Go, Google has clearly done more. "Facebook has achieved some pretty spectacular results in other areas of artificial intelligence, but I think Google has beaten them to this particularly important challenge." DeepMind now intends to pit AlphaGo against Lee Sedol - the world's top Go player - in Seoul in March. In addition, it continues to develop AI systems that can play computer games without any help, following last year's success at getting its bots to teach themselves how to play several dozen classics. "For us, Go is the pinnacle of board game challenges," said Mr Hassabis. "Now, we are moving towards 3D games or simulations that are much more like the real world rather than the Atari games we tackled last year. "
A skeleton of a meat-eating Jurassic dinosaur, the theropod, was uncovered by spring storms at Lavernock beach, Vale of Glamorgan, in 2014. The dinosaur's missing foot was found at the beach by palaeontology student, Sam Davies, of Bridgend, at the beginning of this month. "My first reaction was that I was very lucky," he said. The fossilised skeleton of the theropod - a distant cousin of the giant Tyrannosaurus rex - went on display at the National Museum Cardiff's main hall in June after it was found by fossil-hunting brothers Nick and Rob Hanigan. Mr Davies, who studies at the University of Portsmouth, visited Lavernock, near Penarth, after his tutor told him its cliffs were rich with fossils. He arrived only hours after a cliff fall had exposed the fossil and before it could be washed away by the tide. "It was pure luck that I found it. It was just sitting on top of a slab of rock," he said. His tutor, Dr David Martill, confirmed the find was the missing foot of the recently discovered dinosaur, after the student emailed a picture. Dr Martill said: "This was a chance-in-a-million find and highlights how important it is to encourage fossil hunting in this country." He said the specimen would help chart the evolution of dinosaur feet. The foot has been donated to the Amgueddfa Cymru, which hopes to put it on display with the rest of the skeleton soon. Dr Caroline Buttler, head of palaeontology at the museum, said: "The dinosaur found by Nick and Rob Hanigan is the first skeleton of a theropod found in Wales. "Sam's find adds to its significance because we can learn more about the animal and how it is related to the dinosaurs that eventually evolved into birds."
Union flags and and Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) flags are flying in Global Crescent and Cantrell Close. The housing developments are part of the Together Building United Communities programme. DUP MP Emma Little Pengelly said she had visited about 100 homes and found mixed views among residents. But a DUP spokesman said earlier flags or any other emblems supporting paramilitaries had no place in communities and should all be all removed. "Paramilitaries are a plague on society," the spokesman told the BBC's Nolan Show. "The DUP condemns all those who cling to criminality and violence." The Police Service of Northern Ireland said removing flags was not its responsibility, and police would only act to remove flags where there were "substantial risks to public safety". "We will work with local communities and respond to any issues where there is a concern for public safety or where it is believed a criminal offence has occurred," said the PSNI in a statement. Mrs Little Pengelly spent a number of hours going door-to-door to meet local residents on Monday evening, and afterwards spoke to the BBC. "There were some people who were very supportive of the flags, people who felt very much it was part of the tradition of the local area and the wider area," she said. "The majority of people said to me: 'We understand that the flags have gone up, but we also understand that they will come back down again'. "Really they didn't want a public fuss around this matter," she added. "And there were some who had concerns around this, who would prefer for the flags not to be there. "The way I would put this is that it was a much more complex picture than I was imagining. "There were some concerns raised, I reassured those individuals that I would be here to support them as well, I would represent their views to the housing association." The housing developments are near the Ravenhill and Cregagh roads, which border the South Belfast and East Belfast constituencies. Mrs Little Pengelly became the new MP for South Belfast earlier this month. Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw said it was "almost beyond belief" that Mrs Little Pengelly believes there was no widespread demand for removal of flags from a mixed housing development in the area. "A shared community should be welcoming to all and intimidating to none," she said.
Edward Bright, from Ripley, Derbyshire, lost his limbs when he was seven and needs help with much of his life. When he turned 16 and reapplied for a benefit he was told he had to attend a meeting to be assessed. The Department for Work and Pensions has now said a face-to-face meeting is not necessary. Edward's family claimed disability living allowance (DLA) on his behalf to help towards the added cost of life as a quad-amputee but when he turned 16 he had to reapply for a personal independence payment (PIP). The family were horrified to receive a letter calling him to a meeting with an assessor in Derby and threatening to withdraw the money if he did not attend. His dad Steve said: "He has already been through all the assessments. Nothing has changed [in his situation] in the last seven years; nothing will change, so being called in to interviews every year is pointless. "People with disabilities have enough appointments anyway. You should reach a level when it's flagged up on the system: no more interviews needed." Since the family's case featured in the Daily Mirror, the Department of Work and Pensions has admitted the assessment is unnecessary. "All DLA claimants are invited to apply for the working-age benefit Personal Independence Payment when they turn 16. In this instance a paper-based assessment has been completed and there is no need for a face-to-face assessment. "We've tried to call the Brights numerous times to make clear there's no need to attend a meeting on Monday. A letter has been sent through the post."
Stephen Ngila has been arrested for allegedly attacking Jackline Mwende almost two weeks ago, reports say. Kenya has high levels of domestic abuse but Mrs Mwende's case was "particularly shocking", activists added. Mr Ngila has not yet commented. Mrs Mwende, 27, said a drunk Mr Ngila, 34, told her "today is your last day" before he attacked her at her parents' home in a village in southern Machakos County, Kenya's Daily Nation newspaper reports. This was despite the fact that doctors told them she was fertile and he was impotent, Mrs Mwende was quoted as saying. A video of her with stitches on her head and stumps where her hands once were, wrapped in bandages, has also been shown by Kenyan media. The couple were living separately when Mr Ngila allegedly attacked Mrs Mwende, reports said. Reuters news agency quotes Kenyan women's rights group Equality Now as saying that Mr Ngila has been charged with attempted murder, but there has been no independent confirmation of this. "This is a particularly shocking case for Kenya... even though domestic violence is rampant," Naitore Nyamu of Equality Now told Reuters. "We can't afford to let the perpetrators act with impunity - which has sometimes been the case in recent years," she added. The chairwoman of Kenya's Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA), Josephine Mong'are, said cases of violence against women had been "escalating" and police should ensure that "all culprits are brought to book". "FIDA Kenya reiterates that violence against women is unacceptable and must not be condoned in society," she said.
First up, it's the scandal that refuses to burn out - the Belfast Telegraph and News Letter both carry stories relating to that rather infamous heat scheme on their front pages. "£2.5m fraud probed in just one RHI case" says the Belfast Telegraph, reporting that energy watchdog Ofgem is investigating a suspected multi-million pound claim to the scheme. According to the paper, it's been suggested it would take four biomass boilers running non-stop every day for 20 years to rack up a £2.5m claim. That's a lot of heat. Meanwhile, the News Letter leads on the news that the public inquiry into the scheme will not sit for any public hearings before March's assembly election. It reports that Finance Minister Máirtín Ó Muilleoir has confirmed that Sir Patrick Coughlin will chair a three-person panel into the scheme. Judging by events just in the last month or so, the panel has its work cut out. Elsewhere, the News Letter dedicates the rest of its front page, and three pages inside, to what it describes as Stormont's condemnation of a "missing man bail scandal". The debate at Stormont was inspired by the case of Damien Joseph McLaughlin, a man charged in connection with the murder of prison officer David Black who has gone missing after being bailed. Meanwhile, all the papers on Wednesday dedicate at least some space to yesterday's Supreme Court judgment over Brexit, with the Belfast Telegraph and Irish News both calling for unity among Northern Ireland's politicians over the Article 50 saga. "(Northern Ireland's MPs) may not agree on whether leaving the EU is a good or bad move," says the Belfast Telegraph. "But they must speak with one voice in ensuring that the best possible deal - taking into account our peculiar interests - is pursued during the divorce negotiations." "It is up to our politicians to fight for the best deal for the people of Ireland, north and south," says the Irish News. Brexit has involved plenty of discussion around the UK's financial and economic future but, according to the Daily Mirror, one Irish person need not worry about money ever again. "Irish punter wins £75m" says its front page, adding that it's not yet known where on the island this extremely jammy individual lives. However, Northern Ireland's record lottery win of £20.1m in 2004 could be under threat if the lucky winner turns out to be from up here. Speaking of gold, the Irish News is talking Oscars. The nominations came out on Tuesday with some Irish interest among the nods, including Best Actress nominee Ruth Negga who has attracted praise for her role in Loving. But, the paper reports, there was also a nod for Dublin-born costume designer Consolata Boyle (for Florence Foster Jenkins) and a Best Original Screenplay nomination for the Irish-funded (and Colin Farrell starring) film The Lobster. And finally, a tribute in the Daily Mirror after Ireland's oldest cow died from a heart attack. Jenny passed away in Clonakilty, County Cork, after racking up 33 years. "She was the queen among cattle," says her farmer owner. RIP Jenny.
Following the acquisition of Cyprus defender Jason Demetriou, Etheridge, 25, fills the gap left by Richard O'Donnell's move to Wigan Athletic. The ex-Chelsea trainee, who has made just 20 Football League appearances, was released by Charlton in May. "We had a number of good options but Neil stood out," said boss Dean Smith. "He ticks all the boxes in age, room for development and experience at this level and above," said Smith. He's an extremely driven young man who wants to be successful. These are the characteristics we're looking for. "Neil will compete with Craig MacGillivray for a first-team place. They will both push each other on, exactly the kind of competition that we want." Etheridge, who began his professional career at Fulham, added: "The faith that the gaffer and Neil Cutler (Walsall goalkeeping coach) have shown in me means a lot. Now is the time to get my head down and work hard. "I have gained plenty of international experience in front of big crowds, but I've not played as many league games as I'd have liked. I intend to rectify that here." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Two generals said the jihadist group had suffered the losses as troops and allied fighters, backed by US-led air strikes, advanced on several axes. Up to 5,000 IS fighters were believed to be in Mosul ahead of the assault. Despite the territorial gains, commanders have warned that securing Mosul could take weeks, if not months. About 50,000 Iraqi security forces personnel, Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia militiamen are involved in the operation. More than 100 US military personnel are embedded with them, advising commanders and helping direct coalition air strikes. Other US troops are providing fire support from nearby bases. Lt Gen Stephen Townsend, the commander of US forces in Iraq, said on Wednesday that the coalition forces had delivered more than 2,100 aerial bombs, artillery and mortar shells, rockets and missiles since 17 October. "This relentless campaign of strikes has removed hundreds of fighters, weapons, and key leaders from the battlefield in front of the Iraqi advance," he added. On Thursday, the head of the US military's Central Command, Gen Joseph Votel, told the AFP news agency: "Just in the operations over the last week and a half associated with Mosul, we estimate they've probably killed about 800-900 Islamic State fighters." The Iraqi government informed US commanders on Wednesday that 57 Iraqi soldiers had been killed and about 250 wounded. Kurdish Peshmerga fighters are thought to have suffered about 20 to 30 fatalities. Despite the removal of hundreds militants from the battlefield, Gen Townsend warned that IS defences were likely to grow stronger the closer they got to Mosul. The group had "used an extraordinary amount of indirect fire - mortars, artillery and rockets - and an exceptional number of VBIEDs (Vehicle-Borne Improvised Explosive Devices)," he told reporters during a visit to the Qayyarah airbase. Fierce resistance by jihadists has held up soldiers in the Shura area, 40km (25 miles) south of Mosul, prompting elite Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) forces to pause their advance near the village of Bazwaya, only 6km east of the city. CTS commander Brig Gen Haider Fadhil told the Associated Press his forces would wait for other units to reach Mosul's outskirts before entering the city. But he stressed: "The operation has not been stopped and is proceeding as planned." Meanwhile, the World Health Organization (WHO) said it had trained 90 Iraqi medics in "mass casualty management" as part of its preparations for the Mosul operation, with a special focus on responding to chemical attacks, AP reported. IS has previously used chemical weapons in attacks on Iraqi and coalition forces, and there are fears that it might do so again inside Mosul, where more than a million civilians live. Some 11,700 residents have fled since the offensive began and, according to the UN's worst-case scenario, as many as 700,000 others could follow suit. "There's been quite a dramatic upturn in the last few days," said Karl Schembri of the Norwegian Refugee Council, who warned that there were currently only spaces in camps for 60,000 people. The WHO is working on the assumption that 200,000 of them will require emergency health services, including more than 90,000 children needing vaccinations and 8,000 pregnant women.
Soldiers from the island, as well as Kingussie and Beauly in the Highlands, lost their lives at Festubert in France in 1915. Portree on Skye lost 10 men in a single night. In total, more than 20,000 men died over 10 days of fighting. Three days of events will start on Friday and will include talks by historians and poetry readings. Festubert's impact on the Highlands and Islands was recalled in BBC Two Scotland documentary, The Machine Gun and Skye's Band of Brothers, last year. This week's commemorations will be held in Portree. Many of the men from Skye, Kingussie and Beauly who died at Festubert had played shinty, a fact that will be recalled in some of the events. A set of bagpipes recovered from the battlefield's trenches will be used to play the tune The Beauly Shinty Club. The music was composed by one of two brothers who died in the conflict. Shinty commentator and historian Hugh Dan MacLennan will be among those taking part in the commemorations. He said: "Festubert is our focus because it was one of the first great killing battles, which saw death on an industrial scale. "Not only that, but its impact on Highland communities is beyond belief."
From the release of It's Not Unusual in 1965 to his current judging role on BBC One's The Voice, Sir Tom has won fans across the generations. It is well-known he is adored by legions of women the world over, so we canvassed the opinion of some plain-talking Welshmen in a bid to uncover the secret of his enduring appeal. Former NME journalist Iestyn George describes him as "one of the last surviving stars of his time who still has any kind of credibility". He partly puts this down to his ability and that he remains close to his roots. Speaking about his first appearance on The Voice, Mr George said: "When Tom turned up, you were thinking 'how's this going to work?' It should be a bit embarrassing'. "But it's one of the rare opportunities people have had to see his character and it's made him more of a much-loved figure than ever before. "He's spent a great deal of his life away from home, but there wouldn't be any misunderstanding about where he's from. "For me, if you're not authentic or for real, it's just patronising." Mr George described Sir Tom, who remains married to his high school sweetheart Melinda Trenchard, as "a true professional. There's no side of him, backstage or front stage, there's no pretence". And he said this extended to his interviews with the media. "He's really happy to tell the warts-and-all stories, he's happy to tell people 'I've messed around, I've not been great always'. "I'm uncomfortable with the lovable rogue thing, but what helps people who get away with it is they're not trying to pretend they're anything else. "Ultimately it's just about being yourself and being very, very comfortable in your own skin." One of Sir Tom's contestants on The Voice, Ragsy, echoed that sentiment. "Talking to him, you kind of forget who he is and what he's achieved. His valleys charm kind of comes through," said the rocker from Aberdare. "The first time I met him... one minute I was thinking 'Oh my god it's Tom Jones, this living legend, this iconic figure'. But within minutes we were just two Welsh people talking about words like cwtch. "It's his charm first of all and then obviously his God-given talent of having that voice." Ragsy, whose real name is Gary Ryland, said Sir Tom told him the key to success was confidence. "He believes in his ability and oozes confidence. He told me I had a powerful voice, but it was that thing of believing in it. "He still sounds as strong today. He's like the grandfather, the don, of music." Mr George said despite that confidence, Sir Tom, who is managed by son Mark Woodward, was also good at taking advice. "The only person I can compare him to is Paul Weller, managed by his father from age 16 onwards," he said. "He's engineered his own career without any need for representation. They're very different people but there are similarities in the way they represent themselves. "Tom realises it's tough being yourself, being part of a family unit, in terms of career." He said it may have been easier for Sir Tom to "do what Tony Bennett's done, tread a fairly narrow path and become that kind of legend of Las Vegas", rather than continually reinventing himself. Speaking about his Reload project in the 1990s, when he collaborated with a range of music stars from Stereophonics to house DJ Mousse T, Mr George said: "There have been moments, definitely, that are not without criticism musically. "He's gambled a little bit, enough to make him interesting. He's more than the greatest hits package. "I think of him as a performer rather than a tortured artist, but that doesn't denigrate him at all. "There's a simplicity, that's why I struggle to critique his career. I don't think of him in the same way as The Beatles or The Rolling Stones." Radio One DJ Huw Stephens said, despite reinventing himself, "he's always The Tom Jones, the same man, the same voice, throughout his projects. "He's not afraid to try things out and work with new producers and also to strip it back and sing those songs he grew up with as a boy in Pontypridd. "I think it always comes down to the voice. You can tell he's not fame hungry, you can tell he's a very nice man and he just has to sing." Sir Tom's 75th year was marked with a performance in Denmark on the eve of his birthday and will be followed by another in Iceland the day after. He marked his 65th with a homecoming concert at Pontypridd's Ynysangharad Park. Kim Howells, the former Pontypridd MP who is seven years his junior, commented on his peer's longevity. "He must be the most well-known Welshman that's ever been. "When I was foreign minister, I literally travelled everywhere in the world and wherever I went and said I was from Wales, people would say 'Tom Jones.'" Mr Howells, who also grew up in the south Wales valleys, said: "I think the songs he sang were different, but he sang them almost like a blues singer and that stayed with him. "That ability to swing stayed with him and to add a gravity to whatever it was that he was singing. "His first hit, It's Not Unusual, was a very catchy tune. He had a kind of animal power to him in the way he sang, the way he moved, a bit like Elvis I suppose. "I think that first generation of fans stayed with him. I think he's managed his career very cleverly as well. He never entered into areas which were an embarrassment to him." So is there any sign of Sir Tom slowing down as he reaches the milestone of 75? "I think he will sing until he dies," said Cardiff-born Mr Stephens. "He's got a hard-work ethos and I think he will sing until the end."
Since then the country has seen the creation of a multi-party parliamentary system, a decade-long Maoist insurgency and the abolition of its monarchy. Flanked by China and India, it is home to eight of the world's highest mountains including Mount Everest, known locally as Sagarmatha. As one of the world's poorest countries, Nepal's economy relies heavily on aid and tourism. A devastating earthquake in April 2015 killed thousands of people, flattened villages and reduced numerous heritage sites to ruin. Since then political infighting has delayed much of the reconstruction despite billions of dollars having been pledged. Population 31 million Area 147,181 sq km (56,827 sq miles) Major languages Nepali Major religions Hinduism, Buddhism Life expectancy 68 years (men), 70 years (women) Currency Nepalese rupee President: Bidhya Devi Bhandari Bidhya Devi Bhandari was elected as Nepal's first woman president in a parliamentary vote in October 2015. She is the deputy leader of the ruling Communist Party of Nepal Unified Marxist-Leninist (CPN-UML) and a former defence minister. She is a campaigner for women's rights and widow of late communist leader Madan Kumar Bhandari. The post of president is mainly ceremonial. Prime minister: Pushpa Kamal Dahal aka Prachanda Pushpa Kamal Dahal was elected as prime minister for the second time in August 2016. Better known as Prachanda (Nepali for "fierce one"), he led a decade-long insurgency against the monarchy which culminated in the king relinquishing his absolute powers and being forced to give up his throne in June 2008. He became the first elected prime minister of Nepal in August 2008 but his government collapsed nine months later in a row over his attempt to dismiss the army chief. Mr Dahal is the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist-Centre). Media freedom is restricted by the fact that journalists have been the victims of violence, activists say. There is a small film industry, nicknamed "Kollywood". Some key dates in Nepal's history: 1768 - Gurkha ruler Prithvi Narayan Shah conquers Kathmandu and lays foundations for unified kingdom. 1814-16 - Anglo-Nepalese War; culminates in treaty which establishes Nepal's current boundaries. 1846 - Nepal falls under sway of hereditary chief ministers known as Ranas, who dominate the monarchy and cut country off from outside world. 1950 - Anti-Rana forces based in India form alliance with monarch. 1951 - End of Rana rule. Sovereignty of crown restored and anti-Rana rebels in Nepalese Congress Party form government. 1960 - King Mahendra seizes control and suspends parliament, constitution and party politics. 1991 - Nepali Congress Party wins first democratic elections. 1995-2006 - Maoist revolt which kills thousands. 2008 - Nepal becomes a republic after abolition of monarchy. 2015 September - New constitution adopted - the first in Asia to specifically protect gay rights.
It has been launched by the association that represents thousands of officers. The Police Federation said officers took 37,674 days off sick last year because of the problem. Federation chairman Mark Lindsay described the resources the PSNI devotes to tackling the issue as "pitiful and wholly inaccurate" In his speech to the association's annual conference in Belfast, he described the current situation within the police as "a professional scandal". "This problem needs this urgent intervention," he said. "Whole families are suffering because those hurting are falling through the cracks." He said the fund announced on Wednesday would be used during the next three years to provide additional therapists and psychologists dealing with the issue. Mr Lindsay said the fund was a temporary measure, and that it was the "statutory duty" of the Police Service of Northern Ireland and Department of Justice to address the problem. Last week, three officers who have been treated for post traumatic stress disorder PTSD spoke to the BBC about their experiences, and problems getting treatment.
The regiment has strong links to the city as an Army Reserve unit is based in Raglan Barracks and the Freedom of Newport was granted to them in 1978. They paraded through the city centre with colours flying, drums beating and bayonets fixed as they were led by the Band of the Royal Artillery. The parade started at 12:30 BST. It began on Cambrian Road before continuing on to Bridge Street and High Street to the D-Day Memorial where a short ceremony took place. The parade then reformed and travelled down High Street, across Stow Hill and followed Commercial Street to its junction with Charles Street and Llanarth Street.
In the latest incident, a man escaped with a three-figure sum after threatening two members of staff with a hammer at McColl's in West Doura Court, Kilwinning, at about 18:20 on Saturday. Police said the staff were uninjured but "extremely distressed". In December, a man robbed the same shop at knifepoint while wearing a 'Joker' mask. The suspect in the latest robbery was described as being white, 5ft 10in, with a stocky build. He was wearing dark trousers and a black hooded top featuring the "McKenzie" logo. Det Sgt Craig Semple said: "I'd like to speak to anyone who may have seen the suspect hanging around the area prior to the robbery taking place or anyone who saw him running out of the shop afterwards."
The classic 1970s sitcom starred her father Richard Beckinsale as Lenny Godber, cellmate to Ronnie Barker's Norman Stanley Fletcher. Porridge will return for a special episode, again written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais. Set 40 years on, Kevin Bishop will play Fletcher's prison inmate grandson. Nicknamed "Fletch" Fletcher, Nigel is behind bars for a series of cyber crimes. Beckinsale said in an interview for Radio 5 live, Afternoon Edition:  "I don't think that's such a terrible idea. I think that's quite nice really. "When it's beloved characters and a beloved project, it's quite nice to have an imaginary, 'what is their grandson doing?'" But Beckinsale, whose new film is Love & Friendship - a romantic comedy based on Jane Austen's novel Lady Susan - has no desire to make a cameo in her father's old show. "In Porridge? You've got to be joking. It's a boy's prison. I'm not that versatile. Tea lady?" Her father died from cardiac arrest at the age of 31 in 1979. He appeared in all three series of Porridge between 1974 and 1977 and finished making the film version a few weeks before his death. Beckinsale, who starred in 2012's reboot of Total Recall, which originally starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, does not now believe remakes are a good idea, she says. "I think it's a shame sometimes when they take something that is almost perfect or perfect and then remake it. That's a silly idea. "They should remake things that aren't very good and have another go at it." The new episode of Porridge will be broadcast this summer as part of a landmark sitcom season to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the start of Hancock's Half Hour on BBC TV. It will include contemporary follow-ups to Are You Being Served?, Keeping Up Appearances and Up Pompeii! while lost episodes of Steptoe and Son, Till Death Do Us Part and Hancock's Half Hour will be remade from their original scripts for BBC Four. The interview with Kate Beckinsale can be heard on Radio 5 live's Afternoon Edition on Tuesday 31 May at 1300. Love & Friendship is currently in UK cinemas.
Ian Sawyer from Manchester said: "I'm homosexual, I'm not a paedophile. Does Mr Fury know the difference?" Fury has been quoted as saying a woman's "best place is on her back" and criticised homosexuality and abortion. The boxer, also from Manchester, has denied making any homophobic comments. He said: "Tyson Fury loves his fellow humans. He doesn't hate anybody." Mr Sawyer told the Victoria Derbyshire programme he was offended "to such an extent that I went to Greater Manchester Police" but has yet to be interviewed by police for an official statement. He said 27-year-old Fury, who became world champion by beating Wladimir Klitschko last month, was entitled to his opinions, but "if they are offensive he should keep them private". "After he won the championship I woke up thinking how wonderful it was to have a world champion in Manchester at a sport that I've admired since Muhammad Ali and then when I woke up yesterday morning and listened to his words [on the Victoria Derbyshire programme] I thought he had gone from hero to zero," he added. In an interview in the build-up to his world title fight, Fury, who comes from Wythenshawe, said: "There are only three things that need to be accomplished before the devil comes home: one of them is homosexuality being legal in countries, one of them is abortion and the other one's paedophilia. "Who would have thought in the '50s and '60s that those first two would be legalised?" Fury has been stripped of his IBF belt because he will not be fighting the organisation's mandatory challenger Vyacheslav Glazkov in his next fight, instead planning a rematch with Klitschko. The Ukrainian former champion has exercised a rematch clause in the contract for his original fight with Fury, who still holds the WBA and WBO belts. Watch Victoria Derbyshire weekdays from 09:15-11:00 BST on BBC Two and the BBC News Channel. Follow the programme on Facebook and Twitter, and find all our content online.
The testimonial, usually held to honour a player's long service at a club or to mark retirement, are supposed to be light-hearted, non-competitive affairs that raise millions of pounds for charity. But that has not always been the case. From celebrities and brawls to handsome pay-offs and injuries, BBC Sport takes a look at the dos and don'ts of hosting a testimonial. Testimonials began as a way to set up a player for retirement, back when wages paled in comparison to those today, with money made from the game paid to the player. Former Arsenal and England goalkeeper David Seaman made £600,000 tax free from his match in 2001. The recent trend has been for a player to donate the proceeds to charity, which began with former Republic of Ireland and Sunderland striker Niall Quinn. Quinn gave an estimated £1m raised at his benefit match to charity. Rooney has followed suit and said proceeds from the game on 3 August will be split between the NSPCC, Alder Hey Children's Hospital, Claire House Children's Hospice and Manchester United's own foundation. Former Coventry defender David Busst suffered one of the worst injuries in football in 1996 against Manchester United, which forced him into retirement aged 29. The Sky Blues granted Busst a testimonial match against United to benefit him and his family. The match was memorable for being Eric Cantona's last game for United, the Frenchman retiring from football two days later. Didier Drogba, retired Formula 1 driver Michael Schumacher, Lothar Matthaeus, Andriy Shevchenko and Philipp Lahm all turned out for former Germany captain Michael Ballack's testimonial in 2013. Cristiano Ronaldo could be returning to Old Trafford for Rooney's testimonial while the England striker made his return to Goodison Park for Duncan Ferguson's testimonial in August. Then there were the stellar line-ups involved in Portugal legend Deco's benefit match in 2014 at the Estadio do Dragao. The match was between Porto's 2004 Champions League winners and Barcelona's 2006 European champions, both teams that Deco had played for and players on show included Lionel Messi, Samuel Eto'o, and Edgar Davids. But the stars are not always guaranteed to turn up. George Best reportedly snubbed Manchester United team-mate Bobby Charlton's testimonial against Celtic in 1972 and spent the night drinking. The match at Old Trafford still attracted a crowd of 60,538, which was then a British record for a benefit match. By August 2012, full-back Tony Hibbert had played 308 times for Everton, but had never scored for the Toffees. He made amends in his testimonial, scoring a stunning free-kick in a 4-1 win over AEK Athens. And still after 15 seasons it remains his only goal for the club. "The lads were saying to me in the changing room that it was like a fairytale," he said afterwards. Former England striker Alan Shearer had injured his knee three weeks before his testimonial in 2006 so could not play a full role but he kicked the first and last ball of the match. The Premier League's all-time top scorer came off the bench to score a penalty in injury-time to give Newcastle a 3-2 victory over Celtic. Some managers must dread testimonials as much as they do the international break, crossing their fingers in the hope that their players come back in one piece. Former England and Liverpool forward Peter Beardsley had just re-signed for Newcastle from Everton for £1.5m in 1993, when he took part in Ronnie Whelan's testimonial match at Anfield. Beardsley sustained a triple fracture of his cheekbone in the second minute of the match after a collision with Neil Ruddock and was ruled out for six weeks. And Manchester United great Denis Irwin lasted only 36 minutes of his own testimonial in 2000 against neighbours Manchester City when he hobbled off. George Weah caught Irwin with a late tackle that left him with an ankle injury in a bad tempered affair. Spare a thought for Walsall's stalwart midfielder Darren Wrack, whose testimonial against Wolves in 2008 attracted a crowd of only 1,330 to the Banks's Stadium, which has a capacity of 11,300. Compare that to the game in September for Borussia Dortmund's Brazilian defender Dede to mark his 13 years at the club. Dortmund's Westfalenstadion was filled with 81,359 fans, a record for a testimonial, and Dede marked the occasion by scoring a 40-yard lob. Dennis Bergkamp chose the best time to hold his match as he bowed out of Arsenal after 11 years. The Dutch legend's send-off coincided with the opening day of the Gunners' Emirates stadium in 2006 with a sell-out 60,000 crowd. Paul Scholes marked his farewell from Manchester United with a trademark strike as the Reds beat  New York Cosmos 6-0 in 2011. Except it proved not to be the midfielder's final appearance for United. The following year he was coaxed out of retirement by Sir Alex Ferguson and won an 11th league title before finally hanging up his boots. Meanwhile, his manager had a very premature testimonial in 1999, half-way through his 27-year career at Old Trafford. He would eventually retire in 2013. Southampton legend Claus Lundekvam had to pay a six-figure sum to returf the St Mary's pitch for his testimonial after 12 seasons with the Saints in 2008. The reason... American rockers Bon Jovi. Norway defender Lundekvam wanted to play Celtic but the only date the Scottish club could make meant there was not enough time after a Bon Jovi concert to reseed the St Mary's pitch. So Lundekvam shelled out for a new pitch. Just under 19,000 fans turned out to the match meaning the Norwegian was able to recoup all of the £250,000 he had forked out to stage the game. Media playback is not supported on this device One Direction star Louis Tomlinson was left wincing in agony on the pitch after being clattered by Aston Villa's Gabriel Agbonlahor during a charity match at Celtic Park for former footballer Stiliyan Petrov. The singer and Doncaster Rovers fan had to be substituted and was then physically sick on the sidelines following the rough treatment. Agbonlahor later received abuse from One Direction fans on Twitter after the game for the tackle. It was not the only testimonial game that Tomlinson has taken part in. The singer was mobbed by hundreds of screaming girls as he played for his  hometown club in honour of long-serving Doncaster Rovers midfielder James Coppinger to mark 11 years at the club. When Ajax organised a testimonial for their Dutch legend Johan Cruyff against Bayern Munich, the German team saw it as an opportunity to extract revenge for earlier defeats and hammered them 8-0. It wasn't until 2006 that Bayern apologised for their behaviour. Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, who scored four in the game, and Gerd Muller both said they were not proud of the part they played. Goalkeeper Sepp Maier simply declared: "Sorry, Johan!" Julian Dicks' testimonial in 2000 against Athletic Bilbao was anything but friendly - it erupted into a 17-man brawl. The ugly scenes, which held up play for more than five minutes, came a minute before the break and happened when the former West Ham defender was not even on the pitch. Some rash challenges from Nigel Winterburn on Joseba Etxeberria and then Igor Stimac on Ismael Urzaiz led to players from both sides pushing and shoving each other. The respective coaching staff also argued on the touchline before stewards and police rushed in to calm things down. Referee Barry Knight ordered West Ham manager Harry Redknapp to substitute Paolo Di Canio while Bilbao coach Txetxu Rojo was told to take off Spanish international striker Etxeberria. On the plus side, more than 14,000 fans turned up to pay tribute to Dicks for his 10 years' service - before his career was cut short by a knee injury that gave him a £200,000 pay day. Australian footballer Brent Griffiths became the first man in history to be sent off for a last-ditch tackle on a giant barbecue sauce bottle. Griffiths was taking part in a testimonial match for retiring Central Coast Mariners legend John Hutchinson. The Hutch XI were leading 11-4 against the Mariners when the condiment-based mascot burst clear of the defence, only for Stoke-born Griffiths to commit the cynical foul and earn his marching orders.
Grant Bradburn's side must top their group, which also features Hong Kong, to progress to the Super 10 stage. This will be played alongside the women's event from 15-28 March. Should they prevail, Scotland will be entered into a group containing England, Sri Lanka, South Africa and the West Indes. The Scots will play all their group matches at Vidarbha stadium in Nagpur. First up, they tackle Afghanistan on 8 March, before taking on Zimbabwe two days later. Scotland will complete their Group B campaign against Hong Kong on 12 March. The winners of the first qualifying group, which comprises Ireland, Bangladesh, Netherlands and Oman, will face India, Pakistan, Australia and New Zealand in the Super 10 phase.
Millions of people have "signed" online petitions calling on Parliament to do everything from bring in rules for a second EU referendum to introducing a Meningitis B vaccine for all children. Sorry, your browser cannot display this content. Enter your postcode or parliamentary constituency: BBC England's data unit found there were 17 parts of the UK where the number of people taking part was consistently higher than elsewhere. Eight of the 17 were London constituencies. All but two have Labour MPs. The constituencies, and the party of their MP, were: Some critics of petitions suggest they are in danger of becoming symbols of protest rather than effective instruments of change. Stephen Coleman, professor of political communication at the University of Leeds, said: "We should be very concerned about how representative these petitions are. "If they are only empowering the usual people who vote and participate in other ways, they will exacerbate the gap between the political efficacy of the already active and the limited influence of the least confident." But Darren Hughes, deputy chief executive of the Electoral Reform Society, said petitions were an effective way of engaging with people who would not normally be interested in politics. "The more ways to engage the better, and while there always going to be places that sign petitions more than others, that's normal, and millions of people are using this tool right across the county," he said. "What would be a positive change would be for these petitions to encourage some further engagement - if the site asked them to register to vote, get more involved in politics, and follow more closely the work of Parliament." We focussed on the top ten most popular petitions. The same 17 constituencies were in the top 10% of signatures in six of the most popular petitions since Parliament launched a website in July 2015. Where they were not in the top 10, it was mainly because the other petitions were calling for the opposite of the other petitions they had signed. For the most popular Parliament petition of all time, calling for a second referendum on leaving the European Union, 17 of the 65 constituencies that signed it the most were also in the top 10% for: We excluded an earlier petition demanding Donald Trump be banned from visiting the UK altogether and another petition about Jeremy Hunt as the issues were too similar to others. 100,000 signatures for MPs to consider a debate in Parliament 10,000 signatures for the government to formally respond 11 MPs on the Petitions Committee 6 months is how long petitions stay open for signatures Only British citizens or UK residents are allowed to sign However, they were not in the top 10% for petitions calling for: Taking the most popular petitions, Brighton Pavilion, represented by Green MP Caroline Lucas, has the highest median rate of signatures as a % of its population. BBC News found no correlation between the proportion of people signing petitions and turnout in the 2015 General Election. Northern Ireland constituencies made up the majority of the 10 constituencies with the lowest rates of signing petitions. They included three of the four Sinn FÃ©in MPs, who do not take their seats in the House of Commons. The other Sinn FÃ©in constituency, Belfast West, comes 601st out of 650 areas for signing petitions. Brie Rogers Lowery, UK director of campaign website Change.org, said  online petitions would play a prominent role in shaping local, national and global politics. "This is how society expresses its views in the 21st Century and it's important that politicians engage with them meaningfully," she said. MPs are debating the two petitions about the US President's visit at 16:30 GMT. Additional research by Ioana Dumitrescu.
Cpl Stuart Robinson was injured when his vehicle hit an explosive device near Camp Bastion in February 2013. He will be joined on the 38 mile (60km) course by former colleague Kurt McGuinness, the brother of 23-time TT winner John McGuinness. The 33-year-old said the challenge had been a "lifesaver" for him. He said that after the "life changing situation... I just had to get on with it. I lost my legs but got away with my life". "Kurt is really into the Isle of Man TT and suggested the challenge." The pair will be joined on the charity challenge by Blackburn's Anton Shepherd, who was paralysed from the chest down following a motocross accident, and soldier Darren Norman. Mr McGuinness said their training for the attempt, which will take place on 26 March, had been "brutal".
The veterans have set off from the Canary Islands. They aim to row the 3,000 miles in under 55 days as part of the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge. The Row2Recovery group are competing against 25 other teams in the race, which will end in Antigua in the Caribbean. The race was scheduled to start on 15 December, but stormy weather postponed the challenge. One of the rowers, Lee Spencer, said: "We'll literally be on our own. "We have a life raft and personal location devices and if we end up in the water swimming is not a big deal. We only have three legs between us. "But the day-to-day chores are the things we'll struggle with." Mr Spencer said they had been training their upper bodies to compensate for having lost lower limbs. "We want to be an example to all people; we're just normal guys who have suffered some misfortune, but life carries on," he said. Cayle Royce - 29, from Dartmouth. Suffered serious injuries serving in Afghanistan Paddy Gallagher - 30, from Cambridgeshire. He was injured in Afghanistan while serving with the Irish Guards Nigel Rogof - 56, from Hereford, who lost his leg while taking part in an RAF parachuting display Lee Spencer - 46, from Yelverton in Devon. He lost a leg when he was struck by debris when he stopped to rescue a seriously injured motorist on the M3 Also competing are a group of four women aged 44 to 51 from Yorkshire, and 20-year-old University of Bristol aerospace engineering student Callum Gathercole, who is a solo competitor. Crews will spend at least a month at sea, living on freeze-dried food, while raising money for charity. Carsten Heron Olsen, race organiser, said: "This year we have 26 teams from the US, Italy, the UK, Antigua, Australia and South Africa, and there are 62 rowers in total. "Winds look extremely favourable for the rowers for the first few days at sea, and alongside the high level of professionalism of the participants, we're anticipating a quick and competitive race and hopefully break some records. "The race was planned to start on Tuesday, but due to strong winds going in the wrong direction we had to delay the race for a few days."
The 31-year-old left-armer was released by Sussex in September having been at Hove since 2006. The ex-Leicestershire paceman has taken 34 first-class wickets at an average of 51.05, 79 one-day scalps at 29.22 and 82 T20 wickets at 23.90. "It's great to have Chris on board," said Gloucestershire head coach Richard Dawson. Middlesbrough-born Liddle also played for Dhaka Gladiators in the Bangladesh Premier League in 2013. "He's got a lot of experience in one-day and T20 cricket, having performed strongly for Sussex and he will add excellent competition to our bowling unit," added Dawson. "It's a great opportunity for him to come here and compete in all formats of the game as he has a lot of potential in Championship cricket. We are all looking forward to him joining up with the lads."
Rose, 26, was replaced by Ben Davies during Tuesday's 0-0 draw at Sunderland and had a knee scan on Thursday. The England international has started 18 of Spurs' 23 Premier League games this season, but will miss the visit of Middlesbrough on Saturday. "We need to wait until Monday to see the specialist," said Pochettino. The Argentine is also without defenders Kieran Trippier and Jan Vertonghen, who suffered an ankle ligament injury two weeks ago. "Jan Vertonghen is better and starting to run, which is very positive," added Pochettino.
The material is to be transported by road from the nuclear power complex to Scrabster harbour for shipping to Sellafield in Cumbria. A nine mile (14.4km) stretch of the A836 would be involved. Dounreay is being decommissioned and tonnes of its radioactive material is being reprocessed at Sellafield. Other items have been taken to the Cumbrian nuclear site by train, and also flown to the US and shipped to Belgium. Dounreay said the removal of the latest material formed part of a new phase of the clean up of the site near Thurso. A spokesperson for Dounreay said: "Dounreay is being demolished, so nuclear materials are being returned to national stocks. "This programme started in 2001 and is expected to take several more years to complete. "Our priority at all times is to comply with regulations designed to ensure the safety and security of nuclear materials, both while in storage and transit." The A836 forms part of the North Coast 500 (NC500) tourist route. Tom Campbell, managing director of the tourism initiative, said: "The North Coast 500 is based on roads where people live, work commute as well as visit and enjoy the north Highlands and these roads, like all roads are subject to closures, roadworks and diversions. "The nine mile stretch represents less than 2% of the NC500 and our understanding is that actual closures will be rare and infrequent."
Irish slipped back to the foot of the table after defeat at Sale and Newcastle's win against Harlequins. The Exiles host 10th-placed Worcester on Sunday and could move above the Warriors with a win. "We've already spoken about next week and what we need to do," Coventry told BBC Radio Berkshire. "The boys have had a bit of a hurry up in the changing room. We've spoken about how disappointed we were with our second half performance (at Sale)." Media playback is not supported on this device Irish conceded 26 unanswered points in the second half as Sale ran in a total of six tries at the AJ Bell Stadium. It was the second time in their last three Premiership matches Irish failed to score any second-half points. And following news that prop Ben Franks will be ruled out until late April with a ruptured bicep tendon, Irish have been hit by a further injury to winger Alex Lewington. The 24-year-old is expected to be sidelined for up to six weeks following surgery on a fractured thumb. "Injuries are a big part of the game, we have to rely pretty much on the squad that we've got," Coventry added. "We can't lament our losses too much, we have to get on with it. "Losing Ben and Alex is a frustration, but we'll just have to manage without out them until we can get them back on the field."
Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox will pay £11.7bn for the 61% stake it does not already own. Sky shareholders will receive £10.75 in cash for each share, valuing the entire company at £18.5bn. The deal comes amid concerns that Rupert Murdoch, who also owns the Sun and the Times newspapers, will have excessive influence over UK media. Karen Bradley, the Culture Secretary, will have 10 days to decide whether the Fox bid raises public interest concerns, in this case media plurality, starting from when the companies notify the competition authority. She has the power to ask Ofcom, the media watchdog, to examine the deal. Tom Watson, shadow culture secretary, urged Ms Bradley to refer the deal to Ofcom: "When she stood on the steps of Downing Street this summer, the prime minister said to the people of this country that 'when we take the big calls, we'll think not of the powerful, but you'. "This is a big call. The government needs to decide whose side it's on." A number of Sky shareholders, including Standard Life Investments and Jupiter Asset Management, have questioned the independence of the non-executive directors and their ability to extract a higher price since a possible bid was announced last Friday. Richard Marwood, senior fund manager at Royal London Asset Management, owner of a 0.36% stake in Sky, urged Sky's board to share more information on the independent financial advice that they based their agreement with Fox on. "Such disclosure would help shareholders assess the fairness of the offer and give greater confidence in the independence of the committee in the bid process," he said. James Murdoch, Rupert Murdoch's son, is both chairman of Sky and chief executive of Fox. Shares in Sky closed 2.1p lower at 981.4p. Sky deputy chairman Martin Gilbert, who is also chief executive of Aberdeen Asset Management, which owns a 0.39% stake in the broadcaster, said: "[We] believe 21st Century Fox's offer at a 40 per cent premium to the undisturbed share price will accelerate and de-risk the delivery of future value for all Sky shareholders. As a result, the independent committee unanimously agreed that we have a proposal that we can put to Sky shareholders and recommend." Not all Sky shareholders agree with Martin Gilbert. One told the BBC: "This is a patsy deal. Many of the directors are not really independent and as a group they should be ashamed of themselves." The BBC understands that James Murdoch, Rupert Murdoch's son who is both Sky chairman and chief executive of 21st Century Fox, met with Sky directors earlier this month. He told them: "We are either a buyer or seller of our stake. The status quo is not an option." James Murdoch offered a 30% premium to the existing share price on the condition the directors recommended it. After further meetings, that premium was raised to 40%. But even with that premium, the sale price is roughly what Sky was worth six months ago and many shareholders will feel short-changed. Read more from Simon here. Chase Carey, the former chief executive of Fox Television and the current co-chief operating officer of 21st Century Fox, is a non-executive director at Sky. While John Nallen, the chief financial officer of 21st Century Fox, is also a non-executive director at Sky. 21st Century Fox plans to buy the remaining stake in Sky through a scheme of arrangement, which means it needs the approval of investors holding 75% of the shares. Sky has 22 million customers in the UK, Ireland, Italy, Germany and Austria. In 2011, Rupert Murdoch abandoned a bid to take full control of Sky in the wake of the phone hacking scandal.
The Met said the "vast majority" of the work in its inquiry into Madeleine's disappearance had been completed. It said no conclusion had been reached but it was now following a "small number of focused lines of inquiry" which was why the team had been cut. Madeleine's parents said they "fully understand" the decision. They said they remained "hopeful" their daughter would be found. Madeleine, from Rothley in Leicestershire, was three years old when she went missing from her family's holiday apartment at the Ocean Club in Praia da Luz on 3 May 2007. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, from the Met, said: "The Met was asked to take on this exceptional case as one of national interest. "We were happy to bring our expertise to bear only on the basis that it would not detract from the policing of London; and the Home Office have additionally funded the investigation above normal grants to the Met. "That will continue at the reduced level." Clickable map and timeline Madeleine's parents Gerry and Kate McCann praised the "meticulous and painstaking work" done by police. They said: "We are reassured that the investigation to find Madeleine has been significantly progressed and the Met has a much clearer picture of the events in Praia da Luz leading up to Madeleine's abduction in 2007. "Given that the review phase of the investigation is essentially completed, we fully understand the reasons why the team is being reduced. "We would also like to thank the Home Office for continuing to support the investigation. "Whilst we do not know what happened to Madeleine, we remain hopeful that she may still be found given the ongoing lines of inquiry." Detectives from the Met began working through material and following lines of inquiry after the Home Office requested a review of the case in May 2011. Operation Grange, which has been supporting the Portuguese police's investigation, became a full investigation in July 2012. Officers have now finished bringing together and investigating the information held by Portuguese police, the UK investigation and the private investigators working on behalf of the McCann family, the Met said. 1,338 statements taken 1,027 exhibits collected 60 persons of interest investigated 8,685 potential sightings considered 560 lines of inquiry identified 30 requests made to other countries asking for work to be carried out The force said the inquiry had taken 1,338 statements and collected 1,027 exhibits but had not reached a conclusion yet. Clarence Mitchell, spokesman for the McCanns, said: "Kate and Gerry are far from disillusioned. This is no way the end of Operation Grange. "If anything it will now continue on a newly-focused, smaller yes, but focused basis that will hopefully lead to Madeleine being found somewhere in the near future." Officers have investigated more than 60 persons of interest, the Met said, adding that a total of 650 sex offenders had also been considered as well as reports of 8,685 potential sightings of Madeleine around the world. Having reviewed all of the documents, "7,154 actions were raised and 560 lines of inquiry identified", the Met said. It said more than 30 requests had been made to "countries across the world asking for work to be undertaken on behalf of the Met".
She beat the 21st seed 4-6 6-4 8-6 in the fourth round, in a match that lasted three hours and four minutes. "It was mentally, emotionally and physically draining," Konta said. At 24 years old, Konta is ranked 47th in the world. Her next opponent will either be 15th seed Madison Keys, or China's Shuai Zhang. The 'Grand Slam' tournaments are the four most important annual tennis competitions. Players travel from around the world to take part in them. They include the Australian Open, US Open, Roland Garros, and Wimbledon. The last British woman to play in the quarter-finals of a Grand Slam was Jo Durie, at Wimbledon in 1984.
Dan Biggar was heard querying whether to kick for the corner when Wales won a penalty while trailing 16-13 but denied he overruled Jones' decision. Leigh Halfpenny admitted he turned down the chance to kick at goal, however. "Things happen on the field which challenge everybody at the best of times," Thorburn told BBC Radio Wales. He continued:  "I don't think it questions his ability as captain at all. "Alun is unquestionably one of the most inspirational players that has been around in the Welsh camp for a long time." Thorburn says he would have no reservations over picking Jones as captain of the British and Irish Lions in light of Wales' poor start in the Six Nations. "He [Jones] leads from the front," he said. "Are you going to base it on the argument about Dylan Hartley, the England captain, whose team didn't know how to cope with some bizarre scenarios against Italy on Sunday?" Wales could have levelled the scores at 16-16 from the penalty if they had kicked for goal instead of the corner, but Thorburn says it is the kicker's responsibility to decide what happens, not just the captain's. "I've been on both sides of the fence - a captain and the goal kicker - what we don't know is what the conditions were like on the field," Thorburn added. "The wind does swirl around Murrayfield and I suspect Leigh probably thought that it was going to be a long kick into what would be a very difficult conditions. "The issue is whether Alun, as captain, should have consulted with him first. We can argue about that until the cows come home but ultimately the kicker is the one who is taking the shot and has to be comfortable."
Britain's  and  champion teams up with Heather Stanning as she aims to repeat her success in Chengdu in 2013. "It's the first big title I've had to defend," Glover said. "There's a little bit of pressure, but it I think it's important to feel the pressure," she told BBC Radio Cornwall. "If you're going to define the season for us, when we look back at the 2014 season, it'll be 'we did this at the World Championships'," she added. "In non-Olympic years it's the biggest event by far, it's a really big deal to have that to your name." Glover and Stanning have resurrected their partnership from London 2012 after Stanning took a year off in 2013 to concentrate on her military career. Glover and Polly Swann won the world title last year in Stanning's absence and the both women have rowed with Glover this season before Stanning managed to secure the spot alongside the Cornwall rower for the Worlds. "It's going to be Heather's first chance since the Olympics [to win a world title] and I'd love the opportunity to keep my title so it's important and special to both of us. "When we first came back together we realised it had been a long time since the Olympics. We needed to find our feet again and found that actually everything was really natural. "That gave us the confidence over the last month or so away on training camp to not just let it be the same as it was - we've really worked on pushing it on. "I feel we've moved on and made changes, looking to be a better crew than we were in 2012,"  Glover added.
The New York-based singer won the award for her Orchestre Philharmonique du Luxembourg collaboration, Sings. "I want to dedicate this Grammy to all the traditional musicians in Africa, in my country, to all the young generation," Kidjo said. Her album beat one by Malawi's Zomba Prison Project and South Africa's Ladysmith Black Mambazo. Kidjo, one of Africa's most prominent musicians, has now won the award for the second consecutive year. The album merges African song writing and rhythms with European classical instrumentation, a fusion on which Kidjo has repeatedly experimented. Kidjo described the album as an artistic challenge as traditional African bands follow the lead of the soloist much more closely, unlike Western orchestras that generally play off refined scores. The singer, who has worked for a long time with Philip Glass, a leading US composer, said Africa was on the rise. "Africa is positive, Africa is joyful," she said after collecting the award. The 55-year-old singer added that she has been fighting for a positive image of Africa for a long time and believed music could connect the world and served as a tool for peace. She later told the BBC: "I have to continue to working...  to open the way for many artists from Africa to come." African-American rapper Kendrick Lamar won the most prizes on the night with five awards. The 29-year-old performed The Blacker The Berry, walking on stage as part of a chain gang from inside a prison, before transitioning to Alright, in front of a huge bonfire and African dancers. His performance ended with the unveiling of a new track with Lamar in front of a map of the African continent and the word "Compton" - his hometown in California - written on it.
Mitroglou scrambled in the decisive goal for the Portuguese champions from Luisao's header in the second half. Dortmund's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang hit a penalty straight at keeper Ederson after Ljubomir Fejsa handled. The German side were the top scorers in the group stage, but failed to find a way through a stubborn home defence. Dortmund will host the second leg on 8 March, with a place in the quarter-finals at stake. Relive Benfica's win against Borussia Dortmund PSG stun Barcelona to leave Luis Enrique's side on the brink The Bundesliga side were expected to pose a greater threat to Benfica after scoring 21 goals in the group stage. Gabon international Aubameyang had contributed four of those strikes but epitomised an out-of-sorts Dortmund, scooping a close-range chance over the bar and missing his penalty before being substituted after an hour. Dortmund's form has faltered since December, with the German side winning just two of their last seven league matches. Thomas Tuchel's side suffered a shock defeat by the Bundesliga's bottom club Darmstadt on Saturday, and the malaise continued as they were held at bay by a stubborn Benfica display. The Portuguese club have never lost a last-16 tie in the Champions League - having reached that stage three times - and will have a lead to defend in Germany after scoring with their only shot on target. Benfica coach Rui Vitoria: "We fought, gave our best, and victories are also made of that. "Congratulations to Ederson too, a keeper who showed his quality once again, this time against a team that scored so many goals in the group stage." Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel: "Aubameyang is not fully fit after the Africa Cup of Nations and his body language did not suggest that he would do better after missing the penalty. "We played an outstanding game and conceded a goal with their first shot in the second half. "It is an extremely complicated result, but I am very proud of how we played tonight. Even though I am very disappointed, I am proud of how we presented ourselves." Match ends, Benfica 1, Borussia Dortmund 0. Second Half ends, Benfica 1, Borussia Dortmund 0. Foul by Marcel Schmelzer (Borussia Dortmund). Ederson Moraes (Benfica) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Eduardo Salvio. Marc Bartra (Borussia Dortmund) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Marc Bartra (Borussia Dortmund). Raúl Jiménez (Benfica) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Christian Pulisic (Borussia Dortmund) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high following a corner. Corner,  Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Eliseu. Julian Weigl (Borussia Dortmund) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Filipe Augusto (Benfica). Attempt missed. Marc Bartra (Borussia Dortmund) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Julian Weigl. Christian Pulisic (Borussia Dortmund) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Christian Pulisic (Borussia Dortmund). Pizzi (Benfica) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Ederson Moraes. Attempt saved. Christian Pulisic (Borussia Dortmund) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Christian Pulisic (Borussia Dortmund) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Eliseu (Benfica). Substitution, Borussia Dortmund. Gonzalo Castro replaces Raphael Guerreiro. Substitution, Borussia Dortmund. Christian Pulisic replaces Marco Reus. André Schürrle (Borussia Dortmund) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Filipe Augusto (Benfica). Substitution, Benfica. Raúl Jiménez replaces Kostas Mitroglou. Marcel Schmelzer (Borussia Dortmund) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Marcel Schmelzer (Borussia Dortmund). Eduardo Salvio (Benfica) wins a free kick on the right wing. Erik Durm (Borussia Dortmund) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Lubomir Fejsa (Benfica). Hand ball by Erik Durm (Borussia Dortmund). Attempt missed. Lukasz Piszczek (Borussia Dortmund) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Ousmane Dembélé with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Franco Cervi. Corner,  Borussia Dortmund. Conceded by Eduardo Salvio. Substitution, Benfica. Franco Cervi replaces Rafa. Attempt missed. Marco Reus (Borussia Dortmund) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Raphael Guerreiro with a cross. André Schürrle (Borussia Dortmund) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Victor Lindelöf (Benfica). Lubomir Fejsa (Benfica) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Ousmane Dembélé (Borussia Dortmund) wins a free kick on the right wing.
He also won four Mobo awards, co-wrote an album with Mary J Blige and scooped an astonishing six Grammy nominations. The 22-year-old, from Cambridgeshire, is the son of a London banker who was fired for spending too much time trying to jumpstart her offspring's pop career. He got his break singing on other people's songs - Latch, by dance act Disclosure, and La La La by soul producer Naughty Boy - before scoring his own record deal. Much has been made of his soaring, multi-octave vocals but his technical abilities never mask his emotions. In the Lonely Hour was love letter to a man who never returned Smith's affections, and its honesty spoke to record-buyers in their millions. Ahead of the announcement of the Sound Of 2015 next week, the singer reflects on the highs and lows of his first year in the spotlight. I had hopes of number ones, but I never thought it would actually happen. When you come from being a featured artist there's a sudden fear: "Oh God, was it me that people liked - or was it Disclosure and Naughty Boy?" So when Money On My Mind came out, it was a reassurance - a boost of confidence for me. Just letting me know "things are good, people like your songwriting". That will never happen again - going to the Brit Awards knowing you already have a Brit Award. It was the first time I'd ever been, and I was number one that week. That was very, very surreal for me. I really celebrated hard that night. SNL was the scariest moment of my life, ever. It was the first time I played Stay With Me or Lay Me Down on television. I don't think I'll ever be that scared again...  Four million people watching and no-one knew who the hell I was. Four days previous to the SNL performance, I remember reading tweets from people saying "who the f is Sam Smith?" [laughs] But it changed my life. You could feel it the morning after. I walked out of my hotel and people recognised me. Stay With Me went to number two on iTunes. It was mental. Sam's album shifted 166,000 copies in its first week on sale in America, the most ever for a debut by a British male artist. It was only kept off the top by Lana Del Rey's Ultraviolence. Every UK artist prays for US success but, genuinely, it was 50/50 for me. It was either going to work or it wasn't. What I didn't expect was for it to work hand-in-hand with the UK. I didn't think I'd be going to America untilâ€¦ well, about now, actually. Was I cursing Lana Del Rey? I wasn't, actually, because it gave me something to work towards. If I'm going to get number ones all the time, it leaves nothing for me to achieve in the future. Also, what I've realised now is that it isn't about chart positions. I was number two for the first week, and I was number two for the second week. It's much more important to keep selling and have an album that doesn't actually leave the charts. I was on the same time as Dolly Parton, so I was freaking out the whole day. She had the biggest audience in Glastonbury history and I was up against her. Surprisingly, my audience was massive, which was incredible. But that was a tough one. I'm a massive fan of pop culture - but there was a lot of twerking that night. A lot of explosions. Even for me, sometimes, I was a bit like "woah, woah, woah!" I don't like being the only person standing there and singing. But it worked to my favour that night. Meeting Beyonce was really weird. I thought I'd freak out. I'd put her on such a high pedestal she'd become un-human. Then you meet her and she is just a human. A very talented human, but just a human. I was the only person who was allowed to watch her rehearsal, so I said, "I loved your sound-check. I think it's one of your best performances yet." And she said, "thank you. Your voice is like butter." I keep telling people she said chocolate, but she actually said butter. I never, never expected that - but it all happened organically, which is just how I like things to work. Mary J Blige, Elton John, Chaka Khan - those three have been incredible to me. It's something I've learned. When there are up and coming artists experiencing fame for the first time, it's important to make sure they're OK - because it's quite an ordeal, going through it all. And they were amazing. Mary J Blige is incredible. And still, to this day, will randomly text me making sure I'm ok. Her best advice was "don't be afraid to be blue" - so don't be afraid to write sad songs. What's happening now is incredible, but no matter how many awards I may get, I will be tapping myself on the head at the end of this project and reminding myself "this is my first album". You can't truly say that you are imprinted in music, in society, unless you have three or four albums out.  I want a long career. That has been my aim from day one. Sam Smith's album, In the Lonely Hour, is out now.
The Orange Order says flagship parades in Portadown and Kilkeel will provide "an enhanced cultural experience" for spectators. The parades mark the 326th anniversary of King William III's victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. Here are all the details of the 12 July celebrations, including parade locations and routes. Portadown - Flagship Twelfth The Orange Order expects 5,000 members to take part in the parade, along with 80 bands. The main parade will commence at 10:15 BST, and proceed through the town centre via Bridge Street, High Street, Market Street and Church Street to the demonstration field on the Armagh Road. Kilkeel - Flagship Twelfth One thousand Orangemen are expected to take part, with 14 of the 15 lodges  accompanied by their own band. Kilkeel lodges will leave Kilkeel Orange hall at 09:30 BST and walk several miles to the Council Road on the outskirts of the town. Here they will be joined by other district lodges. The parade will then proceed via Newcastle Road, Newcastle Street and Greencastle Road, to the demonstration field at Manse Road. Belfast This year's Belfast parade will leave Belfast Orange Hall, at Carlisle Circus, at 10:00 BST, making its way along Clifton Street, Donegall Street, Royal Avenue, Castle Junction, and Donegall Place to Belfast City Hall. A wreath-laying ceremony will take place at the Cenotaph in the grounds of the City Hall. This year the service marks the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme and those who served with the 36th Ulster Division. At 10:40 BST, the parade will then proceed via Donegall Square West, Bedford Street, Dublin Road, Shaftesbury Square, Bradbury Place, Lisburn Road, Balmoral Avenue and Malone Road to the demonstration field at Barnett Demesne. Around 60 bands will walk the six-mile route, traditionally the longest of all the Twelfth demonstrations. The parade is due to leave the field for the return leg at 16:15 BST. Maguiresbridge Orangemen from Donegal, Leitrim, Cavan and Monaghan will join 90 lodges and 70 bands from Northern Ireland. This year, to commemorate the centenary of the Battle of the Somme the parade will be headed by soldiers dressed in First World War period costume. Lodges and bands will move off at 12.30 BST from the assembly point at Killyshambley on the Tempo Road before proceeding through the village to the demonstration field on the Lisnaskea Road. Limavady The Limavady demonstration will be the largest Orange parade in County Londonderry. Approximately 3,000 Orangemen, representing 60 lodges, will be accompanied by over 50 bands. The main procession will commence at 12:00 BST from Church Street. It will move through the town centre via Ballyclose Street, Main Street, Linenhall Street, Catherine Street, Roemill Road, William Street, Protestant Street, Catherine Street, Irish Green Street and Roemill Gardens to the Limavady Orange field. Castledawson Up to 50 bands will accompany around 60 Orange lodges as the village hosts the Twelfth for the first time since 2001. The main parade will set off at 12:00 BST from the Hill Road. It will then proceed across the River Moyola and through the village to the demonstration field on the Magherafelt Road. Coagh One of Tyrone's smallest villages will play host to the county's largest Twelfth parade. Upwards of 70 lodges will be accompanied by over 50 bands. The main procession will set off at 12:30 BST from the assembly field on the Ruskey Road, before proceeding down Tamlaght Hill, Coagh Bridge and through the village to the demonstration field on the Drumconvis Road. Newtownstewart Over 5,000 people are expected to take part in the Twelfth demonstration in Newtownstewart, which is hosting the annual parade for the first time since 2010. The main parade will move off at 12:30 BST from the assembly field on the Strabane Road and proceed along Millbrook Lane, Mourne Park, Oldcastle Road, Dublin Street, Main Street, Castle Brae, Douglas Road via The Old Bridge, Castle Brae via Abercorn Bridge to the demonstration field at Miller's Holm. Aughnacloy Twenty five lodges from two districts, Annahoe and Fivemiletown, will be on parade. They will be accompanied by a number of lodges from County Monaghan. The parade will assemble on the Caledon Road, moving off at 12:30 BST. It will proceed along Moore Street to the fingerpost at Augher Road, before returning via Moore Street to the demonstration field at Aughnacloy College. Donaghadee More than 50 lodges will be on parade and a large number of Orangemen from England and Scotland are also expected. The main parade will move off at 12:00 BST and proceed via Warren Road, Shore Street, the Parade, Manor Street and Millisle Road, to the demonstration field at the Commons. To mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme, the parade will be led by re-enactors dressed in period World War One uniforms. Comber Almost 70 lodges and 40 bands will take part in the Twelfth in Comber. The main parade will commence at 12:30 BST from Park Way playing fields and will proceed through the town via Park Way, Killinchy Street, the Square, High Street, Braeside, Ballygowan Road, Railway Street, Orange Hall Lane, Brownlow Street, Glen Road, Mill Street, Castle Street, Bridge Street Link, Bridge Street, the Square, Killinchy Street and Park Way. The parade will then return to the playing fields for a religious service. Dromore The Orange Order expects as many as 20,000 spectators at the biggest demonstration County Down. The main parade will leave Ballymacormick Road at 12:00 BST and parade through the town centre to the demonstration field, located on the Lurgan Road. Randalstown On the centenary of the Battle of the Somme, participants in the Randalstown parade will symbolically proceed to the town's Dunmore Park, which was used as a military training camp during the First World War. The main parade will leave Shane Street at 11:00 BST and proceed through the town on its way to Dunmore Park. The return parade is due to commence at 16:00 BST. Lisburn More than 70 Orange lodges will take part in the Lisburn parade, accompanied by approximately 50 bands. The parade is scheduled to get underway at 11:30 BST, commencing from the assembly point at Wallace Park. It will then proceed through the city via Magheralave Road, Railway Street, Market Square, Market Street, Smithfield Street, Market Place, Governors Road, Thiepval Road, Prince William Road and Knockmore Road to the demonstration field at Ballymacross playing fields. Ballymena Upwards of 30 lodges and accompanying bands will take part in the annual Twelfth in Ballymena. The town is the only one in Northern Ireland which has a Twelfth parade every year. Orangemen and 15 bands will assemble at Wakehurst Road at 12:30 BST and proceed through the town via Queen Street, Harryville Bridge, Waveney Road, Galgorm Road, Pentagon, Lower Mill Street, Ballymoney Street and Thomas Street to the People's Park on the Doury Road. Glenarm Eleven lodges, comprising over 400 Orangemen, will be accompanied by eight bands and a number of Lambeg drums. The main parade, commencing at 12:00 BST, will proceed through the village from the assembly point on the Coast Road via Mark Street, the Vennel, Coast Road and Ballymena Road to the field at Straitkeilly Road. Ahoghill A total of 16 lodges accompanied by nine bands will take part in this parade, along with numerous Lambeg drummers. The main parade will commence from the Galgorm Road/Killane Road junction at 12:30 BST, and then proceed towards the village centre via the Portglenone line, Glebe Road, Church Street, through the Diamond area to the village playing fields on the Cullybackey Road. Ballycastle Over 40 lodges from five districts will take part in the Ballycastle parade, accompanied by around 30 bands and a number of Lambeg drums. The outward route will proceed via Ramoan Road, Church Road, Coleraine Road, Castle Street, the Diamond, Ann Street, Rathlin Road, Strandview Road, North Street, Quay Road to Quay Road playing fields for the religious service.
George Rogerson, 22, of Plean, admitted stabbing Leon Cairney 11 times in the village last December after the pair rowed in the street in the early hours. He told the High Court in Dundee he had been provoked into the attack on the 25-year-old. Judge Lord Kinclaven deferred sentence until November 20 and Rogerson was remanded in custody. Rogerson had earlier tried to plead guilty to the lesser crime of culpable homicide, a plea rejected by the Crown. He then went on trial accused of murder at the High Court in Dundee - a charge he denied. The jury was told how Rogerson had rowed with neighbour Simon Blair, who had then called on Mr Cairney to help confront Rogerson. Giving evidence in his own defence, Rogerson said he had grabbed a kitchen knife from a block and stormed out the back door during the incident. He said: "I went out to the side of the house - I opened the side gate and when I did that they came flying in. "It was Leon Cairney and Simon Blair - I recognised them both. "I had the knife in my right hand. We started fighting and he was hitting me on the side of the head and I started stabbing him. "It stopped when he let me go and fell backwards." The court earlier heard from a pathologist that Mr Cairney had been stabbed 11 times - including four in the chest and one in the abdomen that had penetrated up to the hilt of the knife. Rogerson said he had "panicked" by going outside with the knife. A jury of eight men and seven women took two hours and 50 minutes to find him guilty of culpable homicide.
It was a trip that would take longer to materialise than he could have ever imagined. "My partner and I were in Key West, 55 or 56 years ago, and he said to me 'do you want to take the ferry over to Havana?'" "I said 'I don't know, let's do it next time'. Then, along came the revolution, and this is that next time." As the Adonia pulled out of the Port of Miami and past South Beach, Rick held a Cuban flag aloft and his Italian husband Toni, the Stars and Stripes. He says it was a special moment. "I wanted to show that I'm willing to wave the Cuban flag on an American ship because I think we have to make our relationships better with Cuba." "I hear the Cuban people are wonderful, we're wonderful people - so let's get to know each other better." Those are exactly the kind of sentiments the Obama administration had hoped for when it made it easier for Americans to obtain licences to visit the communist-run island. But while the Adonia set off into the Florida Straits in near perfect sailing conditions, the political journey to reach this point has been far more stormy. This voyage has provoked protests and threats of legal action in Florida against the company operating the ship, Carnival Cruises. The Cuban American community was furious that the company initially complied with a much-reviled Cuban rule banning Cuban-born nationals from entering the country by sea. However, last month the offending measure was removed by the Cuban authorities. The CEO of Carnival Cruises, Arnold Donald, rejects the idea that they forced the Cuban government into a corner by threatening to suspend the service. "Not at all, that would be a mischaracterisation," he says. "First of all, we believed all along that they were going to allow us to bring Cuba-born people to and from Cuba." Secondly, he said, the company was getting a lot of "positive indications to that effect". "They had a lot of things to consider. Whether it was going to be this one ship, whether it would be the cruise industry, whether it's going to be commercial vessels." "But there was always a positive tone," he insists. Either way, the change meant Cuban-American Isabel Buznego and her husband, Robert, could make their first journey back to Havana since they left the island "many years ago". "I feel a lot of different emotions: I'm nervous, I'm happy, I feel proud, a little scared and frightened," says Isabel. "My father always wanted to come but he never could. He died recently and I'm doing this trip for him. That's why it's so emotional." Of course, not everyone in Florida sees the trip to Cuba in such terms. A small boat emblazoned with anti-Castro banners and the word "democracy" in Spanish painted on its side circled the Adonia while it was still in port. It was not a large protest, but the organisers made clear their opposition to the whole process of rapprochement with Havana. Up on the deck, though, it did not take long for such politics to blow away in the sea breeze. A salsa band struck up, canapes were brought round and the cocktails started flowing. Easing into a couple of mojitos were Dan McMahon and his wife, Debbie, from Maryland. "This was one on my very short bucket list," says Dan, who is also a cruise and tour operator. "I've waited a very long time. I think I booked the first tickets as soon as Carnival announced them." The couple have also made a thoughtful gesture for their visit: they brought 15 bags of children's colouring books, pencils, crayons and puzzles to distribute to children they meet. They are aware that infrastructure in Cuba is creaking under the strain of too many tourists but say there are a lot more Americans keen to follow their lead. "Whatever it takes to get there, we're going!" jokes Debbie. "But I'm just looking forward to the paladares [private restaurants], meeting local people, see the culture and the history." On the final few hours of the journey, there was one man who was not getting much sleep. Carnival gave the honour of being the first to step off this historic cruise to their legal adviser, Arnie Perez. A Cuban-American, he left the island as a small boy. In a sense, his is a story that is common in his community. But it is the method of his return, more than half a century later, which makes Arnie's voyage home so unique.
Exam board Pearson has confirmed plans to develop a new history of art A-level for teaching from next September. October's decision by the AQA board to drop the subject provoked an outcry from experts who argued "society had never required its insights more". "It's amazing - just about in the nick of time," said teacher Sarah Phillips. Ms Phillips, from state sixth form Godalming College, developed the new syllabus with AQA and added: "Now we need to get the message out to Year 11 students as soon as possible." Subject to approval by Ofqual, Ms Phillips says she expects Pearson to build on her work which has been made available to the Department for Education by AQA. "It is a global specification. Students won't just study the work of dead white men," she said. "They will have the opportunity to study Islamic architecture and work by men and women of all colours and creeds. The support has been overwhelming," she added. In October, top experts signed an open letter to AQA condemning the decision not to offer the A-level to new students after this year. AQA was the last board to offer the subject and the decision represented "a vital loss for students", they argued. At the time AQA said the change "was not about money or whether history of art deserves a place in the curriculum", but said that it feared the new qualification was so wide-ranging that accurate marking would be impossible. Pearson, which also announced plans to take on AS and A-levels in statistics, also dropped by AQA, said awarding organisations, government and schools should work together in the interests of students to secure the future of important qualifications. "The response from the public, from teachers and from young people shows many people have a real passion for these subjects. We're happy to help make sure they remain available," said the company's president, Rod Bristow. The move was welcomed by leading academics and museum directors as well as by Turner Prize winners Anish Kapoor, Cornelia Parker and Jeremy Deller. Mr Kapoor said it was "a huge relief" while Mr Deller called it "a good day for art and culture" and added: "Art history is the study of power, politics, identity and humanity, it makes perfect sense to keep the exam." Ms Parker said she had studied art history "as a working-class girl, receiving free school dinners... It has hugely enriched my life". The Association of Art Historians hopes the battle to save the A-level will boost the subject's popularity, particularly in the state sector. "The threat to the A-level has galvanised support for art history, which will, I hope, provide a platform for a concerted effort to ensure that more people get the opportunity to study a subject that will enrich their lives," said Dr Ben Burbridge of Sussex University who was central to the campaign to save the A-level.
The visitors were shot out for only 109 by an electric bowling and fielding performance, with James Anderson taking 3-42 and Luke Procter 3-14. James Vince, watched by England coach Trevor Bayliss and selector James Whitaker, was run out for nought. Haseeb Hameed and Proctor then shared an unbroken stand of 104 to take the hosts to 157-1, a lead of 48 runs. The comfort of Lancashire's reply on a true surface at Old Trafford further highlighted the impressive effort of the home bowlers. Under a blue sky, Anderson bowled with good rhythm a week before England's first Test against Sri Lanka, while Neil Wagner swung the ball to remove both Michael Carberry and Liam Dawson in successive deliveries. By then the biggest drama had already taken place, with Vince - widely tipped for a Test debut at Headingley on 19 May - run out by Steven Croft's brilliant direct hit. Responding to such a meagre total, Lancashire were given a flying start by Karl Brown's boundary-laden 40 from 33 balls. He was pinned lbw by Gareth Andrew's first delivery in first-class cricket for more than a year, the former Worcestershire all-rounder making his debut after joining Hampshire on a match-by-match basis. That, though, was Hampshire's only cheer, as the watchful Hameed and wristy Procter saw Lancashire through the rest of the day without any hint of alarm. Lancashire's Karl Brown: "The bowlers have done it in every game so far. You can't put it down to one person doing everything because, as a unit, they've bowled really well and kept the pressure on. "As a batter I know when you are chewing up dot balls it gets difficult and you can play a shot you shouldn't. Creating pressure has been the key to us taking wickets. "The squad has a lot of confidence and everyone is backing each other to get the job done. It's a very nice pitch and hopefully it will make for a lot of runs and we can get a good lead." Hampshire's Gareth Andrew: "I got the call to play on Friday afternoon while I was making my cricket club's teas so I was in a bit of a flap. I've played a couple of second team games so I'm a bit under-cooked but I'm ready to take my chance. It's match-to-match and we'll go from there. "Lancashire bowled really well and obviously we didn't bat as well as we'd have liked to. We need to stay in the game so we'll be fighting on Monday. We need to keep it simple, hit the deck hard and bowl nice and straight. "It was a dream start for me to take a wicket with my first ball and hopefully my old man was looking down. I lost him only four weeks ago so it's been a tough time but it's been great to have the opportunity to get back into first class cricket."
Strong winds helped the blaze to spread across the 336.1m (1,105ft) high building in the marina district. One eyewitness told the BBC "there was debris flying everywhere, falling into neighbouring buildings". The fire was later extinguished. It is not known what caused the blaze. Hundreds of people were evacuated and there are no reports of any casualties. Footage posted on social media showed what looked like molten glass and pieces of masonry falling to the ground. "In an hour-and-a-half the fire is almost out on about 60 floors, it looks like mostly the outer apartments that are damaged," eyewitness Rola told the BBC. She said it looked like the blaze had started on the 50th floor. "It's an iconic building, people were out on balconies all around it watching - even though it was 3am [23:00 GMT Saturday]," she said. "The civil defence came really quickly and they have said there were no casualties, everybody was told to evacuate in a timely manner and we think everybody is OK." One of the tower's residents, Kathryn Dickie, said she had seen panels from the building tumble to the ground. "Those panels were catching fire and then coming off the building and being picked up by the wind," she said. "And I was watching them, they were falling down on to the street still in flames, they weren't going out and they were actually knocking into the buildings across the road." US resident RJ Morlock told the Associated Press news agency: "I was really surprised they got it under control pretty quickly. It looked like it was going to go up." In 2012, a fire swept through Dubai's 34-storey Tamweel Tower. No-one was injured in that incident but hundreds of residents were left homeless after the blaze, started reportedly by a cigarette butt.
The debate over the legislation reflected deep divisions in Argentina, which is a mainly Roman Catholic country. BBC Mundo looks at the key aspects of the law and the situation across Latin America: What does the law consist of? The law foresees a modification of article 2 of the Argentine Civil Code, which establishes matrimony as being between two individuals of different gender. The new legislation will replace the expression "man and woman" with "couple". Homosexuals will have exactly the same rights as heterosexuals. This includes the right to adopt, which was one of the most controversial aspects of the proposed bill, inheritance, pension rights and other rights relating to social security. When does the law come in to force? The law will take effect when it has been published in the official gazette, which could take a couple of days. What is the difference between civil union and marriage? Civil partnerships bestow many but not all of the rights and obligations of marriage. The scope of same-sex marriage and civil union laws vary from country to country. For example, Portugal's gay marriage law does not allow adoption, while Uruguay's civil partnership legislation does. However, the difference in scope is not just legal but often has a significant symbolic and cultural component. For those who support same-sex marriage, it is a historic advance that grants rights to people irrespective of sexual orientation. For those opposed, recognising same-sex unions as marriage undermines the traditional concept of family. Where else is same-sex marriage recognised? Just a handful of countries recognise gay marriage - see box. In the US, same-sex couples can marry in five states and in Washington DC. Some of the countries that recognise civil partnerships are: Andorra, Australia, Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Slovenia, Finland, France, Hungary, Iceland, Israel. Luxembourg, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. What is the situation in the rest of Latin America? Mexico City until now had been the only place in Latin America where homosexuals had the same rights as heterosexual couples to marry and adopt children. Uruguay allows gay people to adopt children but not to marry. In Chile, the government is drawing up proposals which would grant homosexual couples the same rights as heterosexual couples regarding their finances, including pension rights, and being recognised as next of kin. However, Chilean President Sebastian Pinera has said that civil unions would not under any circumstances be equivalent to marriage. Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has indicated he backs the legalisation of civil unions. However, various legislative proposals regarding this have failed in Brazil, which has the world's biggest Catholic population. Other countries, such as Colombia, do not recognise gay marriage but do offer civil guarantees, including the right to draw a pension if one partner dies. In the majority of Central American and Caribbean countries there are no major legal or social initiatives regarding gay marriage or civil partnerships. In Costa Rica, however, gay rights activists and some deputies have backed a proposed bill to guarantee civil rights. There was a proposal in Cuba in 2006 to recognise "legal unions" but it did not advance. Cesar Cigliutti, president of the Argentine Homosexual Community, told BBC Mundo he expected to Argentina's decision have a "domino effect" across  Latin America.
The Championship club had been in talks with the former owner of San Diego Padres. However, Al Hasawi, who took control at the City Ground in 2012, says negotiations have "come to an end". "A deal as it stands is not in the interests of the long-term future of our club," said the Kuwaiti. "We feel strongly that we have acted in good faith on behalf of the club and its fans." In October, it was reported that Moores, who had previously been interested in buying Premier League side Everton, was on the verge of securing a £50m deal to take an 80% stake in the East Midlands club. The American was reportedly ready to finalise the deal on 22 December, but was waiting for final sign-off from Al Hasawi. Two-time European Cup winners Forest are 20th in the Championship after 25 games, two points above the relegation places. Forest had been under a transfer embargo since January 1 due to a delay in submitting audited accounts, but that was lifted on Friday. Former Nottingham Forest and England midfielder Jermaine Jenas on BBC Radio 5 live "The fanbase will be devastated. I am a Forest fan and am disappointed by it too. I know they were looking forward to that takeover. "There were a few names linked with the club in terms of who would be brought in to help bring stability, growth and get the club back to where it belongs. "This just digs deeper into the fans' hearts in terms of bad news for the season."
Anaya Ellick from Chesapeake, Virginia, does not use prosthetics. To write, she stands to get the proper angle, holding a pencil between her arms. Her principal, Tracy Cox from Greenbrier Christian Academy, describes her as an "inspiration". "She does not let anything get in the way of doing what she has set out to do," says Ms Cox. "She is a hard worker and has some of the best handwriting in her class." The girl reportedly beat 50 other competitors to get the special-needs category prize at the National Handwriting Contest. This category rewards students with an intellectual, physical, or developmental disability. Competition director Kathleen Wright told ABC News that her "writing sample was comparable to someone who had hands". This is what her winning entry looked like: Sponsors of the contest Zaner-Bloser said they planned to award each student $1,000 (Â£690). They tweeted a picture of the student, happily holding her trophy. Having no hands was also not an obstacle to 30-year-old pilot Jessica Cox. In 2013, we reported on her inspirational example.  Also born without hands, she has been able to drive a car, fly a plane and play piano - all with her feet.
Eight journalists and two policemen were among the dead. Police issued photos of two suspects, describing them as "armed and dangerous". A third suspect reportedly handed himself in to police. Protests and vigils over the attack, the deadliest the country has seen in decades, have been held across France. President Francois Hollande called it a "cowardly murder" and declared a day of national mourning on Thursday. He said the country's tradition of free speech had been attacked and called on all French people to stand together. "Our best weapon is our unity," Mr Hollande said in a televised address late on Wednesday. Security has been stepped up across France in the wake of the attack, with Paris placed on the highest alert. Police said arrest warrants had been issued for Cherif Kouachi, 32, and his brother Said, 34, who they said were believed to be "armed and dangerous". Another suspect, Hamyd Mourad, 18, was named earlier in a police document, according to media reports. However, unnamed officials said that Mr Mourad handed himself in to police after seeing his name circulating on social media. He was arrested and taken into custody, AFP reported. Media reports described Cherif Kouachi as a militant sentenced in 2008 to three years in prison for belonging to a group sending jihadist fighters to Iraq. BBC Paris correspondent Lucy Williamson says there are separate reports of police operations taking place outside the capital and in the eastern city of Reims, 140km (90 miles) from Paris. Police did not give any details but forensic teams were later seen searching an apartment in Reims. The satirical weekly has courted controversy in the past with its irreverent take on news and current affairs. It was firebombed in November 2011 a day after it carried a caricature of the Prophet Muhammad. The attack took place as the magazine was holding its weekly editorial meeting. French media have named three cartoonists killed in the attack as Cabu, Tignous and Wolinski, as well as Charlie Hebdo contributor and French economist Bernard Maris. Charlie Hebdo editor Stephane Charbonnier, 47, had received death threats in the past and was living under police protection. Cartoonist Corinne Rey, said the hooded gunmen entered the building after forcing her to enter the code to open the door. "They said they belonged to al-Qaeda," she said, adding they had spoken in fluent French. Eyewitnesses said they heard as many as 50 shots fired by the attackers both inside the Charlie Hebdo office and on the streets outside. The gunmen were captured on amateur video shooting one injured police officer at point blank range in the head on the pavement outside. They were heard shouting "we have avenged the Prophet Muhammad" and "God is Great" in Arabic ("Allahu Akbar"). Police said the masked gunmen fled to northern Paris, before abandoning their car and hijacking a second one. The Paris prosecutor, Francois Molins, said 11 people had been wounded in the attack, four of them seriously. He told reporters all efforts were being made to find those responsible, without giving any details about the investigation. "The investigations have been numerous and in-depth, because of course, the police have been mobilised, and these inquiries are going on." The killings have been condemned by leaders worldwide, with US President Barack Obama offering to help France track down those responsible. Al-Azhar University in Cairo, Sunni Islam's leading centre of learning, called the attack "criminal" and said "Islam denounces any violence". The Arab League also condemned the attack. Pope Francis called it "abominable". Thousands of people have gathered at the Place de la Republique in central Paris for a vigil, many holding up placards saying "Je suis Charlie" (I am Charlie), referring to a hashtag that is trending on Twitter in solidarity with the victims. Piles of pens - symbolising freedom of expression - and candles have been laid across the square. Tens of thousands of people have also joined rallies in other cities across France. Charlie Hebdo's website, which went offline during the attack, is displaying the single image of "Je suis Charlie" on a black banner. Other major newspapers are displaying similar banners. The latest tweet on Charlie Hebdo's account was a cartoon of the Islamic State militant group leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Charlie Hebdo is part of a venerable tradition in French journalism going back to the scandal sheets that denounced Marie-Antoinette in the run-up to the French Revolution. The tradition combines left-wing radicalism with a provocative scurrility that often borders on the obscene. Its decision to mock the Prophet Muhammad in 2011 was entirely consistent with its historic raison d'etre. The paper has never sold in enormous numbers - and for 10 years from 1981, it ceased publication for lack of resources. But with its garish front-page cartoons and incendiary headlines, it is an unmissable staple of newspaper kiosks and railway station booksellers. Charlie Hebdo and its satirical role Live updates Europe's struggle with Islamism The country was already on the alert for Islamist militant attacks after several incidents just before Christmas, although the French government has denied the attacks were linked. It is the deadliest attack in France since 1961, when a bomb planted by far-right militants opposed to plans for Algerian independence killed 28 people on a train. Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten, which published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in 2005 sparking riots in Muslim countries, says it has stepped up security in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo attack.
The 21-year-old scored one try in two appearances for the Welsh region but crossed eight times in 26 games for Welsh Premiership side Cardiff RFC, who come under the umbrella of the Blues. Bath have also handed a new two-year contract extension to back row Levi Douglas, 20, who joined the English Premiership club's academy in December. He has made three senior appearances since signing from French side Oyonnax. On Tuesday, Bath announced Argentina wing Horacio Agulla will leave the club at the end of the season. Mike Ford's side are ninth in the table ahead of their final match of the season against Leicester Tigers on Saturday,
The ex-France and Arsenal striker wore glasses and a wig to surprise teenagers at Pen-y-Dre High School, Merthyr. Henry, a Sky Academy ambassador, was there to present the Sky Sports Living for Sport Student of the Year Award for Wales to pupil Emma Morgan. The awards programme is on Sky Sports 1 on Sunday. A talented swimmer, Emma became the school's youngest student to represent Wales at the annual European 'Superschools' competition, in Sweden, where she won silver. She will attend the awards ceremony  in London at the weekend where the overall UK and Ireland Student of the Year will be announced. Henry said Emma was a "deserving winner". Head teacher Keith Maher said: "Everyone was sworn to secrecy and it was an idea that Thierry and Sky came up with. "It was absolutely a complete surprise and very few staff knew about it."
Lamborghini, which is owned by Volkswagen, said Italy had beaten a bid from Slovakia to build the car there. Reports say the sports car maker received â‚¬90m ($98m; Â£64m) of tax breaks and other incentives from the government to produce the car in Italy. Executives from Lamborghini joined the Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi at a signing ceremony in Rome. The Urus SUV was unveiled as a concept car in 2012 and is expected to go on sale in 2018, with a planned production level of 3,000 cars a year. That will more than double production at Lamborghini's factory near Bologna and is expected to create 500 jobs. Other car markers have been attracted by the strong growth and in the SUV market. In January, Jaguar Land Rover said it would build its first Jaguar SUV at its Solihull plant in the West Midlands. And in February Rolls-Royce, owned by BMW, also announced plans to launch an SUV.
Rescuers are still battling to reach the dead and injured inside, more than 24 hours after the inferno began. Hundreds were trapped inside - the building had metal grilles on the windows and no fire exits. Many workers jumped from the upper floors. The fire began hours after a blaze at a Lahore shoe factory killed 25 people, highlighting lax safety regulations. Investigations have been announced into both fires. Reports say they may have been caused by faulty generators. Some 40 firefighting vehicles tackled the Karachi blaze, officials said. People trapped inside the building frantically rang their friends and relatives as flames engulfed it, reports say. The Ali Enterprises factory in the Baldia town area of Karachi was mobbed by shouting and sobbing relatives as rescuers pulled out body after body. "The death toll is 289. This is not final - the search for more bodies continues," the city's top official, Roshan Shaikh, told AFP news agency, in the afternoon. By Syed Shoaib HasanBBC News, Karachi It is not just textile mills - industries across Pakistan are increasingly prone to disaster. Sometimes it is the collapse of poorly constructed premises - but fires remain the main danger. In general, the problem is the same that plagues all matters of governance in Pakistan - enforcement of the law. Industrial standards are disregarded to minimise cost as inspectors are paid to look the other way. Textile factories are particularly at risk because of the lethal combination of chemical dyes and stacks of cotton often stored next to each other  - ensuring a deadly result. Fire exits - as in the case of the factory in Karachi - exist only on paper, a factor in raising casualty figures. The city administration itself has a limited number of fire engines to serve the growing needs of an increasingly sprawling metropolis. What is generally a small and controllable mistake is made worse by years of official disregard for workers' safety. That in turn produces such tragedies - which are then covered up, only to be repeated a few months later. Workers had little time or opportunity to escape from the four-storey building's single exit - many could do so only by jumping from the windows. Dozens suffered broken bones, or worse. One survivor, Allah Warayo, said there was a stampede as the fire spread. He ended up jumping from the third floor, but five members of his family did not escape. "We started running towards the exit. There were 150-200 people all running and pushing each other. I fell down unconscious," he told BBC Urdu's Riaz Sohail. "Then I managed to get some air from a vent. I started screaming. A crane made a hole in the wall and I was able to jump. I begged the rescue workers to help my relatives, but no-one paid any attention." Mr Warayo told the BBC people had tried to break the metal grilles but could not. He said the door to the back stairs leading to the roof was also locked. He screamed to the guards below to throw the keys to him, but they did not listen, he said. Firefighters on crane lifts battled to rescue other trapped survivors suffering from burns and smoke inhalation, but the death toll rose steadily over the day as the horror of the blaze, which raged for 15 hours overnight, unfolded. In pictures: Deadly Karachi fire Karachi fire chief Ehtesham Salim said: "We found people who died because of suffocation caused by the highly toxic smoke. They died first and then their bodies were burned by the raging fire." Many bodies were charred beyond recognition. Officials said the factory was crammed with combustible materials, including piles of clothes and chemicals. The cause of the blaze was still being investigated, police said, but workers believe it may have been caused by a faulty generator. Garments factories across Pakistan require their own power sources because of an increasingly erratic national grid. The industry is critical to Pakistan's frail economy - according to central bank data, it provided 7.4% of Pakistan's GDP in 2011 and employed 38% of the manufacturing  sector workforce, accounting for 55.6% of total exports.
The ??359m Independent Living Fund pays out an average of ??300 a week, to help people pay for carers so they can live at home and not in a care home. It was already shut to new applicants for this year and will now shut to new claims permanently, said the minister for disabled people, Maria Miller. Payments to existing users are to continue until 2015. Ms Miller said: "An independent discretionary trust delivering social care is financially unsustainable." But Richard Hawkes, chief executive of disability charity Scope, said the decision to phase out the fund was "bemusing". "The fund is comparatively very small and is designed to support disabled people to live at home rather than in care homes," he said. "It's hard to see how phasing out this fund will do anything but narrow down options and push people towards greater dependence on the state." The phased closure was described as "foolhardy and lacking in humanity" by Labour peer Lord Morris of Manchester. Lord Morris, who was the first minister for the disabled, said: "This will not save money. If you make it harder for disabled people to live at home, it will cost more because more of them will have to be in hospitals and other places of full-time care. "It will mean far more of them having to be in institutional care at far greater cost to the taxpayer." The government said local authorities had a statutory responsibility to provide social care support to their residents. And it said it remained its priority to safeguard the position of the recipients of the fund. It said it would carry out a formal consultation next year on how best to continue to support existing users.
The RMT union is balloting more than 1,000 members who work at stations. GTR, which includes Southern and Great Northern, plans to close 34 station ticket offices and staff 49 others only at peak times. The two sides are in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors. Stations listed for reduced ticket office hours include Chichester, Crawley, Dorking, Huntingdon, Hove, Lewes, Reigate, Stevenage, Welwyn Garden City and Worthing. Ticket window closures include Alexandra Palace, Caterham, Cricklewood, Lancing, Purley and Sutton. GTR said new "station hosts" would work on the concourse instead to assist passengers and help sell tickets. The RMT claimed 130 station jobs were at risk and said the cuts would also have a "devastating" impact on safety and services offered to passengers. RMT general secretary Mick Cash said: "These plans fly in the face of the response from the thousands of passengers who objected to the closure of ticket offices and the de-staffing of stations as Govia drives on with plans for a "faceless railway" where the public are left to fend for themselves on rammed-out, dangerous and unreliable services." But GTR director Keith Jipps said: "The RMT's threat of further industrial action is entirely unwarranted and clearly another bid by the union to disrupt passengers and GTR across as many parts of our franchise as possible." "Our new station hosts will be paid more, be able to work in safety and provide passengers with better customer service, but the RMT is not concerned with improving the experience for passengers and are dismissing significant improvements to the terms and conditions for staff," he added. The union is to ballot staff in the first two weeks of August on "strike action and action short of a strike." GTR's franchise covers four railways: Southern, Gatwick Express, Thameslink and Great Northern.
The RT-branded box contains food packaged in laboratory bottles, such as Medonium honey - "med" being honey in Russian and Meldonium a performance-enhancing drugs taken by athletes. There is also raspberry jam tagged "anabolic" in reference to steroids also banned in sports. "Not everyone realised this was a humorous present from RT," the broadcaster said. It has consistently denied and ridiculed allegations of a state-sponsored doping programme in Russia. One of the gift boxes was sent to Yulia Efimova, who won two swimming silver medals at the 2016 Rio Olympics. A photo posted on Russia's leading social networking website VKontakte shows a smiling Efimova with test tubes and vials apparently containing food, such as jam, honey and condiments. On its website, RT gave further details of its gift pack which it suggested had also been sent to other people. The website carried a video from the Twitter account of blogger Evgeny Kozlov showing one of the kits being unpacked. People from RT are "unbelievably creative", he said. The kits also include cards said to be based on drawings by children from an orphanage. "A New Year's card that you will never throw away," said Yulia Ostroukhova, apparently another recipient of the gift box. "Very nice. Many thanks for the delicious Medonium, too," she said on Facebook. It is not clear how many kits were produced or how many recipients there were. In July, an investigation commissioned by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) said Russia's sports ministry "directed, controlled and oversaw" manipulation of urine samples provided by its athletes. A number of Russian athletes were banned from competing at the Rio Olympics, but no blanket ban was imposed. Another report later in the year alleged more than 1,000 Russians benefited from a doping cover-up between 2011 and 2015. Russian officials have strongly denied there has been a state-sponsored doping programme. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
The Lincolnshire side reached round one for the first time by beating National League Wrexham 3-2 after extra-time in a fourth qualifying round replay. Stamford, who play in the eighth tier Northern Premier League Division One South, now face League One Hartlepool. "We're on a bonus for the FA Cup and we're determined to go to America," manager Graham Drury said. "At the minute we've got nearly £2,000 and if we beat Hartlepool in the next round I'll be saying to the chairman I want another £5,000 to go into that players' pot. "That's our goal, our dream, to send the boys to America." Drury, who led Conference North side Corby Town into the first round of the FA Cup five years ago, took over as manager of Stamford last season but was unable to save them from relegation from the Northern Premier League Premier Division. And he said was delighted to make club history by giving them some cup success. "When I came into Stamford at the back end of Christmas last year they'd won one home game in 18 months," Drury told BBC Radio Lincolnshire. "We've turned that round and made Stamford a bit of a fortress. We've lost one game here this season and we've played some top-quality sides. "We've stuck at it and we've got our rewards, and to take them to the first round proper, I'm a very proud man."
Steven Dishman, 60, went on the run on 28 May 1985 while serving seven years for burglary and theft of property. He was sentenced in December 1984, and would have been eligible for parole in December 1987. Dishman was taken into custody by law enforcement officials and the Arkansas State Police. The inmate escaped from the Cummins Unit in Lincoln County, where convicted murderer Ledell Lee was executed in April. Solomon Graves, Public Information Officer for the Arkansas Department of Corrections (ADC), said Dishman will have to serve what is left of his sentence. Further charges may follow in connection with his escape. According to the ADC website, four prisoners are still at large in Arkansas. Of those, the longest standing escapee is Veal Lee, a thief who went on the run on 15 July 1984.
The charges include rape, attempted rape, child prostitution, child pornography and drug charges linked to boys from Leicester and Coventry. The men, aged between 24 and 78, face accusations the boys were abused by a group of men who befriended them. One man appeared at Birmingham magistrates court on Tuesday and has been remanded into custody. Tahir Hussain, 33, from St Joseph's Road in Ward End, Birmingham, appeared before magistrates on Tuesday and is charged with four counts of rape, one charged of sexual assault, three of sexual activity with a boy, six of facilitating child prostitution and a count of trafficking for the purposes of sexual exploitation. Six of the offences are said to have been carried out against in a 15-year-old in February 2010. He has been remanded in custody until 24 August. The other nine men have been bailed until 18 August. They are
United's 2-0 win over Ajax in Stockholm came two days after 22 people were killed by a suicide bomber following a concert at Manchester Arena. The club tweeted a photo of a banner reading: "Manchester - A City United." United manager Jose Mourinho said: "If we could, we would change obviously the people's lives for this cup." Media playback is not supported on this device Manchester-born striker Marcus Rashford said the win was "for you Manchester," while the world's most expensive player Paul Pogba said: "We played for the people who died." Captain Wayne Rooney encouraged people to donate to help the families of the victims; Juan Mata said the players had "focused on the game and to win and to lift the spirit of the town at least for some hours - and we feel proud of that" and midfielder Ander Herrera said: "I want to dedicate this trophy to the victims." He added: "What happened two days ago was horrible. Yesterday morning we were devastated. It was difficult to train but the manager told us the only thing we could do is win this for them, and that is what we have done. "We are just football players but we have an audience so we want to work together for a normal world. This happened in Manchester but everywhere we want to see a united world and fight for peace." Media playback is not supported on this device On an emotional night in Sweden, Pogba and Henrikh Mkhitaryan scored the goals that won the Europa League for the first time in United's history - and with it a place in the group stages of next season's Champions League. Officials considered postponing Wednesday's game following the bombing 48 hours earlier, but it was decided it should go ahead. However, United did cancel their pre-game news conference. United boss Jose Mourinho said: "It is really hard and that is why we didn't want to have a press conference because we had to prepare ourselves to do our job and try to forget events that are obviously much bigger than our job. "But the world goes on. It doesn't stop and we have to do our work. The players put a wall up and stayed isolated from everything and did really well. "I agreed with the decision to play the game, but if we could exchange these lives we would do it immediately. We wouldn't think twice." Media playback is not supported on this device United's victory in Stockholm means they have now won all three of Europe's major competitions, having previously won the Champions League three times - in 1968, 1999 and 2008 - and the Cup Winners' Cup in 1991. The Europa League is their second major trophy of Mourinho's debut season in charge, having also won the League Cup in February. However, the Old Trafford club finished sixth in the Premier League and their Portuguese manager has often appeared frustrated. The former Chelsea boss recently said he has had to work "harder than ever" this campaign and his delight was clear to see at full-time. Media playback is not supported on this device He was hugged by his son and thrown into the air by his backroom staff before embracing his players on the pitch and applauding the United fans inside the Friends Arena. His side produced a professional, counter-attacking display with just 31% possession and afterwards Mourinho said: "There are a lot of poets in football but poets don't win many titles." When asked about this in his post-match news conference, he said: "The poets are the ones that win every match. I think I am going to try to have one of these jobs. I never managed in my career to win every match - I always lose matches. "In a bad season - in a season where sometimes I felt that my team was the worst team in the world, where I felt that sometimes I was the worst manager in the world - we managed to win three trophies. "We go to the Champions League by winning a trophy, not by finishing second, third or fourth, and we have the honour of going to the Super Cup. "So I think the season was really good. A victory of pragmatism, of humble people who respect opponents and try to stop their qualities and exploit their weaknesses. "Not poets, just humble people." United top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic missed Wednesday's final as a result of the serious knee injury he suffered in the Europa league quarter-final against Anderlecht in April, which ended his season. The 35-year-old former Sweden striker, who was born in Stockholm, is yet to agree an extension to his one-year deal with the club. "It is so unfair what happened to him. Sometimes football is unfair. Sometimes life is unfair," added Mourinho. "This would have been amazing for him to be on the pitch in his home town. "I'm really, really sorry that he could not play in this final - but he played outside with the other players who were not playing. In Swedish he was telling the ball boys to take it easy in the second half. "I am so pleased he gets this final in his amazing career and he finally gets a European trophy." Pogba and Mkhitaryan scored in each half to earn United victory on Wednesday. Pogba, who returned to Old Trafford from Juventus last summer for a world record fee of £89m, saw his shot from the edge of the box deflected in off Davinson Sanchez in the 18th minute. Fellow midfielder Mkhitaryan flicked the ball in from close range for his sixth goal in the Europa League this season three minutes after the break. "We did it. We are very proud. Nobody can talk. They said we had a bad season but we have three trophies [including the Community Shield]," France international Pogba, 24, told BT Sport. Armenia captain Mkhitaryan added: "Thank you to my team-mates because without them I couldn't score so many goals. "After the last game against Celta Vigo I was dreaming about scoring in the final - and I did." Juan Mata, who missed seven weeks of the season through injury from late March to early May, said: "We have won a trophy the club has never won so we are really happy. "It has been a really difficult week in the city of Manchester and we are happy to win for all the people that have suffered."
Co-operative Energy received 136 complaints per 100,000 customers in the third quarter of the year, the Energy Ombudsman said. This was 50% higher than any other supplier, the ombudsman's figures show. Co-operative Energy blamed continuing problems with its new computer system for the results. It upgraded its IT systems in March, with many customers complaining of being locked out of their online account or not receiving their bills following the switch. "We would like to thank customers for their patience and continued support in recent months," a spokesman for the supplier said. "We have made significant progress to resolve a number of technical issues which ultimately related to the introduction of a new IT system. We will continue to make further improvements to ensure our customers receive the high level of service they expect and deserve." The energy ombudsman said it had received a total of 13,212 complaints about the energy sector in the third quarter of the year, slightly lower than the previous quarter's total of 13,490.  Disputed charges, inaccurate invoices and missing bills were the most common complaints.
The company said that Kensington and Chelsea had seen prices plummet by 16% since a peak in September 2014. In Westminster it claimed there had been a fall of 22% between a peak in November and the end of May. It blamed the fall on the new stamp duty regime, introduced in December, which penalises expensive properties. Based on average prices, anyone buying a property in Kensington and Chelsea can now expect to pay more than Â£118,000 in stamp duty alone. "This fall-off in the top tiers of the market has cooled activity levels too," said Adrian Gill, director of Reed Rains and Your Move estate agents, part of the LSL group. He said the number of homes being sold in London as a whole had dropped by 16% in the year to April. A wider survey by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) reported that the stock of houses per surveyor has fallen to its lowest level for at least 37 years. However, prices in the London suburbs - and other parts of England and Wales - continued to hit new highs, said LSL. According to its calculations, prices rose by 4.5% in the year to May, making the average cost of a home Â£277,178. That is similar to estimates by the Office for National Statistics, but much higher than figures from Halifax and Nationwide. Buyers of properties worth less than Â£937,000 now pay less in stamp duty than they used to. Prices in England's smallest county - Rutland - rose by 23.8% over the year, while those in the Welsh county of Carmarthenshire went up by 16.4%. Thirteen outer London boroughs saw prices hit new highs. Previous figures from the Land Registry have suggested that prices in the suburbs across England and Wales have been taking off, including in parts of Manchester. The separate RICS survey suggests prices in England and Wales could rise by as much as 25% over the next five years, due to the shortage of housing stock. It said that, away from the South East, the strongest growth was expected in north-west England, as a result of the government's northern powerhouse initiative. LSL's house price index is based on statistics released by the Land Registry, so includes cash sales.
Ward defended his WBO, WBA and IBF light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev in a rematch on Saturday. His coach Virgil Hunter has talked up a move to cruiserweight or heavyweight and backed the American to beat Joshua. "He's the heavyweight champion and the man but that's just my coach's belief," Ward, 33, told BBC Radio 5 live. "Anything is possible. Virgil will speak his mind and I will back him up. That's no disrespect to Anthony Joshua. "Cruiserweight and heavyweight is definitely an option. Is it easy? Absolutely not. Is it a risk? Absolutely. Are people going to think you're crazy? Absolutely." Ward held world titles at super-middleweight before claiming all but one of the recognised belts at light-heavyweight and said he would meet WBC title holder Adonis Stevenson "if there is enough buzz and people want to see it". He added that he did not want to fight at cruiserweight or heavyweight regularly, saying: "Ideally you want it to be for a title, to make history and move on." Britain's Tony Bellew - the WBC champion at cruiserweight - could therefore be an option and would ultimately require less of a weight jump than a contest with Joshua. In beating Kovalev, Ward weighed in at 175lbs - around 24lbs lighter than Bellew scaled when capturing his title in 2016 and 75lbs less than Joshua prior to his win over Wladimir Klitschko in April. "I've shown we are willing to fight the best," added Ward, who has won all of his 32 fights. "I'm coming up to 13 years as a pro. You want meaningful fights. "The situation at heavyweight or cruiserweight, it wouldn't be to try to match them size for size. "I'd not try to get to the maximum of 200lbs at cruiser, I'd come in at 188-190, understanding I'm the smaller man and that I'd have to use my ability." If Ward were to win a world title at heavyweight, he would emulate Roy Jones Jr, who moved from light-heavyweight to heavyweight to take the WBA title from John Ruiz in 2013. Jones won that title despite weighing in 34lbs less than his 226lbs opponent.
Media playback is not supported on this device The Irish lost a 9-3 half-time lead as Sean O'Brien, Dave Kearney, Johnny Sexton and Mike McCarthy were all forced off as France snatched victory. "France came out in that second half and played very strongly," said the Ireland coach after the game in Paris. "On the back of that we were starting to lose our legs a little bit." As the Six Nations holders tired, Maxime Medard's 70th-minute try helped seal France's narrow win with Jules Plisson's conversion seeing the hosts secure victory. Media playback is not supported on this device O'Brien was forced off by a hamstring injury in the 19th minute while Schmidt said wing Kearney is likely to miss the remainder of the Six Nations after sustaining a shoulder injury before the interval. Lock McCarthy (concussion) will be another doubt for the game against England on 27 February while fly-half Sexton had to be replaced with 10 minutes remaining after taking several heavy hits. Schmidt also revealed that centre Jared Payne had been forced to soldier on in the closing 30 minutes despite suffering from a dead leg. Keith Earls and Simon Zebo missed Saturday's defeat because of injury after starting in last weekend's draw against Wales while Schmidt was also without the likes of Peter O'Mahony, Iain Henderson, Tommy Bowe, Mike Ross and Cian Healy in Paris. The Irish coach said he was not surprised that former Racing Metro fly-half Sexton had been on the receiving end of some French physicality. "He knows what he's going to get when he comes here," said the Ireland boss."He was pretty knocked around by the end of the match." Media playback is not supported on this device Schmidt expects the match's citing commissioner to examine a number of incidents in the match - including Yoann Maestri's first-half late hit on Sexton. "We had some very clear indications coming into the Six Nations about what would be tolerated and what would not be and what sanctions would follow," the New Zealander said. "There's a fair degree of frustration, but some of that reflects the frustration at ourselves for not taking the opportunity - to lead 9-3 for so long when we had a couple of opportunities in the first half in tough conditions to maintain possession. "It was a very greasy surface but at the same time you have to play those conditions. "We were unable to capitalise on what was a pretty strong kicking game early on." The 45th-minute introduction of props Rabah Slimani and Eddy Ben Arous helped turn the contest in France's favour but home coach Guy Noves insisted that there was more to his side's victory. "I don't want to hear that changing the props was the right strategy," said Noves. "What we were doing from the 30th minute to the end, that feels good, that was the right way. "The players really focused hard to rectify the mistakes from last week. The players won, not the coaching."
Amar Hussain, 29, was involved in a hoax 999 call claiming an officer would be kidnapped by a radical Muslim with links to so-called Islamic State. The call led to West Midlands Police putting in "unprecedented" measures to check officers' safety, jurors heard. At Stafford Crown Court, two other men were convicted of the same charges. Live updates on this story Hussain, along with civilians Adil Bashir, 26, and Muhammad Ali Sheikh, 31, were all found guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice. Judge Michael Chambers QC said Hussain, of Yardley, Birmingham, was guilty of a "vast breach of trust". All three defendants were remanded in custody and are due to be sentenced on 27 May. During the trial, the prosecution told the court how all police on the West Midlands force had to call to report getting home safely due to the threat made on 8 December 2014. Jurors heard Hussain hoped his fake tip-off would discredit an official within the Islamic community group Dawat-e-Islami. Assistant Chief Constable Marcus Beale, from West Midlands Police, said Hussain's actions "let down" the force and risked losing the public's trust. "The impact of the threat had a huge effect on officers and staff and in turn on their loved ones," he said. "Never before have we had to instruct officers and staff to call in after their tour of duty to let us know they had returned home safely."
Some 670 arts organisations will receive annual grants worth a total of £340m per year. Three quarters of those have had their funding frozen. Among the losers is the English National Opera which has a funding cut close to 30%. Here, some of the other winners and losers reflect on their positions. The news that Richmond's Orange Tree Theatre had lost all of its funding came on new artistic director Paul Miller's first official day in the job. The funding represents almost a quarter of the theatre's income. "I think the big, national contradictory pressures that are on the Arts Council were just so great that something had to give - and on that occasion it was us," Mr Miller told the BBC. "I think there is an element of rebalancing out of London. Perhaps there was a perception about the kind of work that the Orange Tree was doing that was not easy to shift. "Once upon a time, the Orange Tree was a fledgling start-up company that had its first Arts Council funding. For new younger companies to get into the system, it means that existing organisations cannot simply take for granted that they will continue to be regularly funded." He said talks with the Arts Council would continue while until he developed a new business model. "There are still many ways in which we can continue to take wonderful theatre in our lovely space. We just have to find a financially different way of doing it." Salford's The Lowry arts centre had a 22% funding drop to £800,000 per year. But it also received a £3m capital grant from the Arts Council and a £1 million private donation - the largest in its 14-year history. "It's a mixed result for us but one that we're broadly pleased with," said chief executive Julia Fawcett. The Arts Council funding currently represents about 6% of The Lowry's total budget, and this will drop to about 4% from 2015. "It means we'll have to recalibrate, refocus and work harder," said Ms Fawcett. She didn't see "too many seismic shifts" in the way funding had changed outside the capital. "The shift out of London is so marginal it hardly bears attention. It does look as if London-based organisations have taken a cut but it's at the margins. "There's been some degree of restoration for some of our significant touring companies - like Birmingham Royal Ballet and Opera North." Unicorn Theatre, which specialises in arts for young people, had a 30% boost taking its annual grant to £1.3m from April. "Children's theatre has come a long way since the Unicorn was founded in 1947 and it's a terrific milestone to be recognised in this funding round as being equally important to the cultural life of the nation as any of the country's leading theatres," said artist director Purni Morell. "We're absolutely committed to making this vital public investment count, not just for the Unicorn but for the whole of children's theatre in the UK, as we embark on an ambitious programme of commissions, productions, tours and talent development. As ever, working with some of the best artists around and continuing to push expectations of what can be achieved in children's arts ever higher." Create, which commissions art in public spaces, is one of the 46 new organisations to receive Arts Council funding. Primarily working in east London, it is launching its first project outside of London - an artist-designed playground in the east end of Glasgow. Hadrian Garrard, director of Create, said: "It's now becoming more broadly acknowledged that publically-funded arts organisations need to do more to reach different demographics. We see ourselves as emerging leaders in how to do this well and this is a great acknowledgment of that by the Arts Council. "It will allow us to produce more ambitious projects involving communities in east London and other cities across the UK. We're thrilled that the Arts Council have chosen to acknowledge our track record of bringing ambitious and challenging new art to people from all backgrounds."
Howard, who was the president of the Screen Actors Guild - American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA), died at his home near Los Angeles on Wednesday. He was best known for the 1970s high school basketball series The White Shadow, in which he played the coach. SAG-AFTRA acting president Gabrielle Carteris said he was "inspirational" and "a light that never dimmed". A spokesman for the union added that Howard left "a legacy of service, commitment and superlative success". "He was an extraordinary actor, a Tony and Emmy Award winner, whose career spanned Broadway, motion pictures and television," he said. Stars of TV and film took to social media to pay tribute to Howard, who began his acting career on Broadway in 1968 after touring Europe and recording two albums with his college choral group, The Zumbyes. Mindy Kaling, who worked with Howard on The Office, tweeted he was "a great guy",  while Terminator 2 star Robert Patrick wrote "glad I worked with 'Class'". Rob Lowe, who starred alongside Howard in The West Wing, tweeted he would "always remember" working with him on one of his "favourite scenes ever" from the show. George Clooney shared a memory with Deadline about meeting Howard while auditioning as a young actor. "I didn't get that audition, but I did get the chance to work with him years later. It was an honour," he said. "Today, his obituary read that he was six foot six, but he was so much taller than that." Born in California on 24 March 1944, Howard first came to prominence on stage, winning a Tony Award for his role in Child's Play on Broadway in 1970. He made his Hollywood debut in the same year, opposite Liza Minnelli in the drama Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon, and would go on to star in a wide variety of films, including 1994 thriller Clear and Present Danger and 2005 comedy In Her Shoes. However, the SAG-AFTRA spokesman said it was as Coach Reeves in the "groundbreaking" series The White Shadow he would be best remembered, adding that years after the show ended in 1981, Howard was "frequently recognised on the street by fans who greeted him with a handshake and a 'Hey, Coach'". Howard won two Daytime Emmys for his work on television and starred in a range of shows, including Dynasty, The Colbys, Melrose Place and Crossing Jordan. He also made guest appearances on Curb Your Enthusiasm, Murder She Wrote, The Golden Girls and Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. He was elected as the Screen Actors Guild's president in 2009 and later helped it merge with the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists to form a new 160,000-member union. In 2011, he said in a letter to members that serving them as president was "the most important thing I have ever done". He is survived by his wife of 25 years, Linda Fetters Howard, and three adult stepchildren from a previous marriage.
Tommy Thompson was arrested on a criminal contempt warrant for evading a civil case brought by his investors. They accuse him of cheating them out of promised proceeds from one of the biggest shipwreck hauls in US history. In 1988 Thompson recovered millions of dollars' worth of gold from a ship that sank off the US coast in 1857. Thompson went missing in 2012 amid demands he appear in court. He and an associate, Alison Antekeier, were arrested in January in Boca Raton, Florida. They had been at the hotel for two years, paying cash for their room under a false name and using taxis and public transport to avoid detection. The Columbus Dispatch reports that Thompson's plea deal with prosecutors requires him to turn over $425,380 (Â£286,000) to the court, money that was seized when he was arrested. Under the deal, Thompson will be sent to prison for no more than two years, but in exchange the government will not charge him with other offences arising from the case. A total of 161 investors had given Mr Thompson $12.7m (Â£8m) to find the ship on the understanding they would see returns on their investment. Thompson, then an oceanic engineer at Battelle Memorial Institute in Columbus, and his crew brought up thousands of bars and coins in 1988, much of them later sold to a gold marketing group in 2000 for about $50 million. But the criminal complaint unveiled in January said the gold bars and coins he recovered from the seafloor were worth up to $400m (Â£260m). One of the investors has asked an Ohio state judge to freeze all of Thompson's assets.
But Mr Obama said those who looted and started fires on Monday "should be treated like criminals". The rioting came after the funeral of Freddie Gray, a black man fatally injured in police custody in Baltimore. A week-long curfew has been announced and thousands of troops have been deployed to the city. The National Guard has been sent to Baltimore to stop unrest for the first time since 1968, when some of the city's neighbourhoods went up in flames after the assassination of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. On Tuesday evening, hundreds of protesters took to the streets to express their frustration with what they see as excessive police force. The peaceful demonstrations were a contrast to the day before, when about 200 people were arrested as more than 100 cars were set alight and 15 buildings destroyed. Mr Obama harshly criticised "a handful of people" for "senseless violence and destruction". "That is not a protest, that is not a statement, they are stealing." But the US president said the rioting had distracted from the frustration over Gray's death. "This has been a slow-rolling crisis. This has been going on for a long time. This is not new. And we shouldn't pretend that it's new," Mr Obama said. He added such problems would not be solved just by changes to policing. "It would require everybody saying this is important, this is significant, and that we don't just pay attention to these communities when a CVS burns and we don't just pay attention when a young man gets shot or has his spine snapped." At an afternoon briefing, Baltimore Captain Eric Kowalczyk was asked why the police had not responded with more resources to prevent fires and rioting. He said police had originally deployed for a "high school event", expecting young students. "I don't think there's anyone in the country that would expect us to deploy automatic weapons and armoured vehicles to an event with 13, 14 and 15 year olds," but saw it turned into an incident that drew in older troublemakers and escalated in violence. It's been hours since the CVS was set alight here at Pennsylvania Avenue in Baltimore, but fire fighters are still battling the flames. Earlier the stench of burning fumes filled the air as groups of people, armed with brooms and bin bags helped clear the mess from the night before. As the day progressed the crowds of protestors built up. A line of police, wearing full riot gear and carrying batons and shields have been blocking one of the road's here. For most of the afternoon protestors, danced and beat drums close by. There was the air of a carnival - a contrast to the violence this same area witnesses just the night before. At one point things did get a little tense. A conversation between protestors and police ended with pepper spray being directed at the crowds. But things have been calm overall. Protestors formed a human chain as the sun beat down on this bruised city. As nightfall a there'll be a curfew. The focus will be on what happens then. Out of 235 arrests, 201 were adults, Capt Kowalczyk said. He also noted there was a large group at a major intersection in Baltimore on Tuesday who were protesting peacefully. "That's what we're used to seeing in Baltimore." Volunteers and city workers began cleaning up affected areas on Tuesday morning. Smoke still rose from buildings set alight the night before. African-American Freddie Gray, 25, died on 19 April after suffering unexplained injuries to his spinal cord and spending a week in a coma. Officials have suspended six police officers who were involved in the case. Monday's clashes began hours after Gray's funeral. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said it was very clear there was a difference between the "peaceful protests of those who seek justice" and the "thugs who want to incite violence". A curfew was set to begin at 22:00 local time on Tuesday, continuing until 05:00 each morning for the rest of the week. National Guard commander Linda Singh said that up to 5,000 troops could be put on the streets. Freddie Gray's death is the latest in a string of high-profile cases where black men have died after contact with the police. Nationwide protests followed the killing of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, last year. Are you in Baltimore? Have you been affected by the violence? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk. If you are willing to speak with a BBC journalist, please leave a contact number. You can send a picture, video or message to our WhatsApp number +44 7525 900971 You can email your pictures, video or audio to us at yourpics@bbc.co.uk Or you can upload pictures.
Officers forced entry to the house in Wood End Lane, Northolt, west London, at about 20:10 BST and detained a man in his 40s. They say a search of the house is under way to make sure it is safe so that evacuated neighbours can return home. Police said negotiations with the man had been unsuccessful. A cordon of 200m had been in place at Wood End Lane since 01:00 BST on Friday, which was extended to 300m on Saturday. About 80 residents have had to spend two nights away from their homes as officers negotiated with the man. Scotland Yard said officers from the Territorial Support Group were supported by the London Fire Brigade as they moved in on the address. Ch Supt Paul Martin said: "I am really pleased that this incident has now ended, and importantly ended without anyone coming to harm. "Our key priority throughout this was to get the man out of the address safely as we had growing concerns about his well-being and believed him to be in crisis. "After attempts to negotiate over a number of days did not work we used specialist officers to work out how we could gain entry to the address as safely as we could. They did that this evening." Ch Supt Martin said police had also worked closely with the ambulance service and the local authority during the operation. Searches of the property will be conducted "as quickly as we can to make sure people get home", he added. Police had said there was no suggestion the incident was terror-related or linked to any ongoing police operations or investigation.
Her account comes after a report from the Anti-Trafficking Monitoring Group said pregnant women were "systematically overlooked" in the UK's trafficking response. Marta, not her real name, told the Victoria Derbyshire programme that she came to Birmingham in November 2014 thinking she would get a job in a poultry factory, where a number of her friends were working. "But my boyfriend and I had our passports taken and we were put to work on a dump," she explained. "They took our documents and our bank cards and they took our wages. We were being moved from site to site. We were given old stale food that was obviously very cheap." Marta and her partner do not speak English so they struggled to get help. She claims it was during this time she realised that she was pregnant. "If you didn't follow and obey their orders you were not given any food," she said. "The worst time was when I was five months pregnant, we were so hungry that we had to eat from rubbish bins. "We found a sandwich factory who were throwing out old sandwiches so we mainly survived on them." Marta claims when she told the gang she was pregnant they reduced the amount of work they sent her out to do. "Even though I was pregnant I was losing a lot of weight," she said. "I wasn't feeling well and they gave me my phone. I was able to get wi-fi and texted my friends in Ireland telling them where I was working. "They went to the police and the police found us three days later." Marta was rescued in April 2015 and taken to a safe house in Manchester where volunteers got her medical help and took her to see a midwife. She was told she was malnourished and that the baby was not feeding properly in the womb. She was also interviewed by police and claims the translator told her that the reason the gang had stopped her working is that they probably had plans to sell her baby. "I was really worried when I heard they might have sold my baby," she said. "There was another pregnant woman there and when her baby was born we never saw her again." After leaving the safe house Marta returned to Poland. Her son is now six months old and his health is beginning to improve. No charges have been brought in relation to her case. In a statement, Home Office Minister Karen Bradley said:"We are currently working with a broad range of interested parties on how best to support trafficked children and intend to announce proposals before Easter." The Victoria Derbyshire programme is broadcast on weekdays between 09:15 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel.
Government plans would give applicants a right to complain to an employment tribunal if they believed they had suffered discrimination. Jeremy Hunt said he wanted to create "a culture of openness" where staff feel they can speak up about patient safety. Barrister Sir Robert Francis recommended the measure after a public inquiry into Stafford Hospital deaths. Protecting NHS whistleblowers was a key recommendation from the inquiry into the scandal, which resulted in the trust that ran Stafford Hospital being fined Â£500,000 for "basic" blunders linked to the deaths of four patients. Sir Robert, the inquiry chairman, warned that staff often faced bullying and isolation if they tried to speak out and that staff struggled to find new jobs in the NHS. Under the UK-wide plans, applicants for an NHS job would have the right to complain to an employment tribunal if they had been discriminated against because they had previously raised concerns about the safety of patients. Applicants would also have the right to bring a claim in court in order to prevent discriminatory conduct. And the draft guidelines, which are out for consultation, say that discrimination of an applicant by an NHS worker should be treated like discrimination by the NHS body itself. Health Secretary Mr Hunt said: "Today we move another step closer to creating a culture of openness in the NHS, where people who have the courage to speak up about patient safety concerns are listened to, not vilified." He said the changes would ensure "staff feel they are protected with the law on their side". There has been a growing focus on patient safety since Sir Robert's inquiry in 2013. One of the main findings of that report was that people within the NHS had known about the poor levels of care at the hospital, but did not raise the alarm. Since then, a number of initiatives have been launched to improve safety. In 2015, the government introduced plans to appoint guardians to support staff who wanted to speak up about concerns over patient safety. Peter Walsh, chief executive of Action against Medical Accidents, said the plans were modest, but a "welcome move in the right direction". "It is clearly unfair that staff who have been forced to become 'whistleblowers' should be discriminated against when they seek alternative jobs. "However, this is a symptom of a much deeper cultural problem in the NHS which will not be solved with tinkering with rules here and there. "So far we have not seen a joined-up approach to supporting and protecting staff from unfair treatment when they try to do the right thing and end up having to be whistleblowers." Mr Walsh said many NHS trusts had still not appointed guardians, as recommended by the Stafford Hospital inquiry. The current consultation is open for eight weeks and will close on 12 May.
Jonathan Browning, a former chairman of Vauxhall, has succeeded him. UK Sport was expected to publish a report this month after an independent investigation into the culture and practices at British Cycling - but that has been delayed. The governing body is also being investigated by UK Anti-Doping over allegations of wrongdoing. Howden, who was re-elected in December, has denied that the move is related to the publication of the report. A former managing director of Jaguar Cars, Browning was appointed to the British Cycling board as a non-executive director in March 2015. "British Cycling has delivered tremendous success at every level over the past two decades, but there is clearly work to do to take the organisation to the next level," he said. Ian Drake left his post as chief executive officer in January, saying it was the "natural moment" as preparations began for the Tokyo Olympics in 2020. Browning's appointment comes after a turbulent year for one of the country's most successful and well-funded sports governing bodies. British Cycling is preparing for the results of the investigation into whether there was a culture of bullying at its world-class performance programme. Publication of a report sources have described as "explosive" has been delayed until next month. Former world champion Nicole Cooke has accused the organisation of sexism. And Howden was criticised for his performance in front of a parliamentary select committee at the end of last year. "The appointment of an independent chair brings British Cycling more closely in line with the new code for sports governance," Howden said.
The Navitus Bay project was for up to 121 turbines off Dorset, Hampshire and the Isle of Wight. The Department of Energy and Climate Change rejected the offshore project in September. The developers' "extensive" research will be made available via the Crown Estate's Marine Data Exchange. The Â£3.5bn plan, developed jointly by Dutch firm Eneco and French giant EDF Energy A, would have seen up to 121 8MW turbines at 200m (656ft) high constructed. Developers said it would have provided electricity for up to 700,000 homes, but opponents argued it would damage tourism and was too close to protected coasts. It was only the second time the government rejected an offshore project. A statement on the Navitus Bay website read: "After careful consideration, Navitus Bay has chosen not to challenge this decision. "We would like to thank the communities on the South Coast and all our stakeholders for their engagement throughout the project." It added a "wealth of information" gathered, including bird and mammal surveys, archaeological data and sediment sampling, would be left as a "legacy...to stimulate research, support academia and contribute towards the sustainable management of the seabed". The Challenge Navitus campaign group, which had opposed the development, said in a statement it was "delighted and relieved" at the announcement. "The examiners' recommendation for refusal to the government was unequivocal and carefully considered, as was the Secretary of State's decision, so it would have been surprising if there were legal flaws in the process that the developer could challenge," it added.
The Israeli ambassador to the UN called the database a "blacklist" and said the body was acting obsessively against it. But the Palestinian envoy said the move was a "message of hope" for his people. Settlements built on territories occupied by Israel in 1967 are considered illegal under international law, but Israel disputes this position. About 500,000 Jews live alongside 2.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Thirty-two of the 47 members of the Geneva-based Human Rights Council voted on Thursday to adopt the motion calling for the establishment of the database. None voted against the motion, while 15, mostly European nations, abstained. The BBC's Yolande Knell in Jerusalem says the database will provide a resource for any organisation wanting to divest from companies involved in Israel's occupation of Palestinian lands. It will potentially include a number of Israeli and international firms working in industries from banking to construction and security services, our correspondent adds. The Palestinians have been campaigning for tougher sanctions against settlements. The Palestinian envoy to the UN said that the passage of this resolution and others by the Human Rights Council were a "message of hope" to his people. "Israel continues to systematically violate the inalienable rights of the Palestinians while enjoying impunity from the international community," Ibrahim Khreisheh added. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the body "an anti-Israel circus which attacks the only democracy in the Middle East and ignores the blatant violations of Iran, Syria and North Korea". He added that it was absurd to condemn Israel rather than deal with attacks by Palestinians on Israelis and by so-called Islamic State in Europe.
Media playback is not supported on this device Bolt, who completed a sprint double in Beijing with Thursday's 200m win, added he would run at the 2016 Olympics. "I want to run but I think the sport is not as fun as it used to be - it's more taxing," the 29-year-old, who has won 10 world titles, told the BBC. "I can't enjoy it as much as I want to because I have to sacrifice more." He added: "It is 50-50." Media playback is not supported on this device Bolt could make his gold-medal tally to 11 this weekend when he competes for Jamaica in the 4x100m relay. Once again he is likely to face Justin Gatlin in the final, with the United States one of the favourites for gold. The Jamaicans were beaten by an American quartet at the IAAF World Relays in May. "In the World Relays, Justin Gatlin had a big game in their victory," added Bolt. "I guess he will be tired now. There will be no reason why we should not win the relay." Some media outlets have been accused of portraying Gatlin as the "villain" to Bolt's "hero" following two career doping bans. He came into the World Championships having set the best times over 100m and 200m this season. Bolt pipped Gatlin to the 100m title, before the American fell to a more emphatic defeat in the longer sprint on Thursday. Asked by BBC Radio 5 live if a double silver was a disappointment, Gatlin said: "Not at all. I'm out here competing. I'm aged 33. "I think a lot of people now see the hard work and effort I put into it. It's not a personal race, it's also for my country. "In the 100m, I beat myself. In the 200m, technically I ran to the best of my ability." When asked about the media's portrayal of him in the lead up to Beijing 2015, Gatlin said: "I go into shutdown mode. I don't worry about what the media has to say. "You guys do your job, sensationalise stories sometimes. My job is to compete and get to the line."
The EU said the meeting in Istanbul, which ended early on Wednesday, was "useful and constructive". Mr Jalili said they assessed "common points" reached by technical teams. Talks in June between Iran and the P5+1 - the US, UK, France, China, Russia and Germany - ended without a breakthrough. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said afterwards that the proposals they had seen from Iran had been "non-starters". State department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the purpose of Tuesday's meeting was to gauge whether the Iranians were "prepared to bring anything new". The talks between Baroness Ashton and Mr Jalili, the secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council, were not considered formal negotiations. Afterwards, an EU spokesman said in a brief statement that it had been "a useful and constructive meeting and an important opportunity to stress once again to Iran the urgent need to make progress". Baroness Ashton would brief representatives of the P5+1 next week on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York, it added. Mr Jalili said he and the EU's foreign policy chief had assessed some proposals agreed at a lower-level technical meeting in July. "We discussed common points found by the experts and technical teams... so that they may be brought closer together and that a framework for future talks can be drawn," he added. "We hope [our] talks can help bring the common points closer together." "We are awaiting the result of the six powers' assessment." On Monday, the head of the Atomic Energy Organisation of Iran said the UN's International Atomic Energy Agency might have been infiltrated by "terrorists and saboteurs" who "might be making decisions covertly". Fereydun Abbasi-Davani cited an incident on 17 August, when power lines from the city of Qom to the underground uranium enrichment facility at Fordo were cut, shortly before an unscheduled visit by IAEA inspectors. His comments came days after the IAEA's governing body expressed "serious concern" that Iran had continued to defy UN Security Council resolutions demanding it suspend uranium enrichment and had failed to resolve questions about possible nuclear weapons development. On Sunday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned that Iran was only six or seven months from having "90%" of what it needed to make a nuclear bomb, and urged the US to draw a "red line" which if crossed would lead to military intervention. Iran has insisted that its nuclear programme is solely for peaceful purposes, and warned that it will retaliate if it comes under attack.
He has not scored the runs, and his technical difficulties around fourth stump have not withstood the severe cross-examination of the high-profile media pundits who fuel the opinions of so many others in and around the sport. It's a tough place to be - knowing you are good enough to excel but feeling so out of form, and feeling your chances of success are diminishing innings by innings, partly because of the unwelcome focus on you when the selectors' guillotine is hovering over your head. The only way to rid yourself of it is to score big runs. Hopefully Jennings can find his best form again for Durham and return for England's Ashes tour this winter. He may even discover that his style of play is better suited to Australian conditions. The England selectors will have debated whether or not to allow him an extended spell in the team. Maybe he would have come through the experience a better player? But playing with the axe hanging over you is not helpful to recovering your best form. I felt in May of 2013 that if Alastair Cook and I had the opportunity to open together for the whole summer, we could have made a real go of the job. The lack of backing I received was because of my poor performances against New Zealand, but I reckon if I could have been allowed to move through that challenging learning experience of my first real dip in form as an England player, I would have been better for it. After all, my partnership with Cook was a success in terms of the runs we put on together, and the team was winning matches and series. Moving through the difficult learning process of being a newcomer to Test cricket is not straightforward and, should a player receive the full support of selection when experiencing a dip in form, it offers a healthy return on the investment of your initial selection. Very few players experience a consistent graph of top performance in their first 15 Tests, but the best ones benefit from the exposure and learning over time. After all, South Africa's Jacques Kallis did not enjoy the best of starts to his Test career and look what happened to him. Now the focus of attention is on Mark Stoneman, who looks set to become England's oldest debutant this century when England face West Indies in the first Test at Edgbaston on Thursday. England's selectors have received much criticism for the number of players coming and going since the days of Geoff Miller when the panel embraced a 'consistency and continuity' policy. Rather than blaming the selectors, it is ultimately down to players to be in charge of their own destiny and make the most of any chance that comes their way. If anyone is looking for a scapegoat for England's recent problems at the top of the order, then I can recommend pointing the finger at me. If I had taken my first chance with both hands in 2013 as Andrew Strauss' replacement, none of this revolving door of opening partners for Cook would have followed! I was given my debut ahead of Joe Root in India in 2012. But seeing him flourish as a world-class player who could become an all-time great, I am able to contrast our journeys and really appreciate his qualities, having lived through the challenge of trying to become a top-level batsman at the same time. I would like to offer my good wishes to Stoneman and others who have the chance to live out their childhood dreams by representing their country. And, of course, I wish their experience in the England team enables them to be more Joe Root than Nick Compton. So here is my open letter to emerging England cricketers to help avoid the fear of being dropped: Scoring big runs is the only currency which will keep the harsh spotlight away from impacting your game negatively. However good or bad you may be feeling about your game, you have to find a way to produce performance. Despite the well-intentioned advice from many good people in and around the England team, it is vital you make peace with the reality that as a player you are on your own. You are a professional in your own right, and must retain belief in your own way of getting the job done. When I played for England, I was fortunate to receive kind support from greats such as David Gower, Mike Atherton and Geoffrey Boycott to name a few. But when the time comes to go out to bat, no-one else can score your runs for you. As much as there are coaches there to help you prepare for Tests, they cannot know your game and your personality as well as you do. Trust yourself. Recognise that bowlers are top professionals too. They are also under the microscope and when conditions are in their favour, they can 'tighten up' too, which can ease the pressure on you. Also, acknowledge that when you as a batsman fail, it does not necessarily mean you are not good enough for Test level - sometimes it is down to the skill of the bowler revealing his class. Even Sir Donald Bradman made low scores sometimes. Video footage works both ways - for a batsman you can familiarise yourself with opposition bowlers as much as they may try to exploit flaws in your game too. Too much video can be counter-productive, and you can lose your 'feel' if you get too technical. And sometimes it is of more value to listen to the words rather than look at the pictures because some of the wisdom shared by former greats can be very helpful. For example, some modern coaches may try to 'soft-soap' you to boost your confidence and convince you that you got an unplayable ball (when you didn't), but some of the sharper comments in the media may offer a more accurate analysis. Stay focused on playing well. A resentment may develop in you should a former England cricketer have a pop at your technique (or character) in the media. Instead, just take it in the context of it being their job to do so - don't take it personally. Deep down, every journalist and former player wants England to succeed. My final recommendation is to develop a broad perspective of life. Enjoying a life outside of cricket is vital to retaining your freshness. In reality, as much as performance matters so much to you as an individual, there is so much more that matters than scoring runs and the England cricket team winning matches and series. Find out how to get into cricket with our inclusive guide.
The Irish, who have set 2020 as their target entry date, are currently ICC associate members, which means they play one-day internationals and T20 games but not Test matches. They have earned wins over Pakistan and England at the last two World Cups. Central contracts are to be given to 23 Ireland players while coach Phil Simmons has signed a new two-year deal. Simmons's contract extension will keep him in charge until the completion of the qualifying campaign for the next World Cup. Cricket Ireland published a strategic plan on Tuesday which, it maintains, outlines a road map that will take the country to the Test arena by 2020. The plan outlines proposals to establish a domestic first-class cricket structure in Ireland and to increase the numbers playing the game to 50,000. Cricket Ireland chiefs also believe the country can improve its one-day world ranking from its current position of 11th to eighth and that the sport can become firmly established as the country's fourth most popular team sport behind Gaelic games, football and rugby. "We have set ourselves a very clear long-term ambition - to become a full Test nation by 2020, nothing less," said chief executive Warren Deutrom. "This is not a dreamy aspiration but a real ambition founded on the playing talent being developed on this island, the growing passion and profile of the game here, a sustained and proven track record of achievement on and off the field, and a clear roadmap set out by us for how to get there." Cricket Ireland also confirmed that several new commercial funding deals are in place, while principal sponsors RSA Insurance are understood to have extended their deal until 2015. Ireland's application for Test status aims to build on the momentum created by last year's memorable World Cup victory over England. Irish cricket was stunned a month later when the International Cricket Council appeared to close the door on qualification for the 2015 World Cup by announcing plans to restrict places at the tournament to its 10 full member nations. But after an outcry, the world governing body's executive board said in June that it was retaining the 14-team format and Ireland are already in a qualifying campaign for the 2015 tournament. The win over England came four years after the heroic performance at their first World Cup appearance in 2007 when they shocked Pakistan to qualify for the second round of the competition. But while Ireland have claimed notable scalps in the one-day game, the lack of Test cricket has led to players such as Ed Joyce and Eoin Morgan declaring for England - albeit Joyce later resumed his Ireland career. Irish fast bowler Boyd Rankin has also spoken of his desire to represent England at Test level and has already represented the England Lions side.
At an event in New York on Monday, Madonna, Beyonce, Kanye West, and 13 other performers announced they had become co-owners of Tidal. The service launched last October, but was recently bought by rapper Jay Z. It is hoping to compete with the likes of Spotify, Deezer and Google Play. However Tidal offers 25 million music tracks, fewer than the 30 million offered by many rival services. As well as a standard subscription for $9.99 a month, Tidal offers a "high fidelity" option for $19.99, which claims to deliver better sound quality. Singer Alicia Keys spoke on behalf of the artists as they all lined up on stage at Skylight at Moynihan Station in Manhattan. Describing the event as a "graduation", she said the artists hoped Tidal would alter musical evolution. "So we come together before you on this day, March 30th, 2015, with one voice in unity in the hopes that today will be another one of those moments in time, a moment that will forever change the course of music history." Their mission, she said, goes beyond commerce and technology. "Our intent is to preserve music's importance in our lives,'' she said. Notably, the majority of the company will be owned by artists, a symbolic move in a business where musicians often have little control over how their work is distributed and consumed. Jay Z's strategy will include encouraging artists to lobby their labels to give Tidal new music a week in advance of other services, giving it a short window of exclusivity. He told Billboard: "We didn't like the direction music was going and thought maybe we could get in and strike an honest blow. "Will artists make more money? Even if it means less profit for our bottom line, absolutely. That's easy for us. We can do that. Less profit for our bottom line, more money for the artist; fantastic."
They have been removed to stop the spread of ash dieback, a fungal disease that can infect mature trees and saplings. Scientists have warned that if it is not contained it could change the landscape and affect our biodiversity. It has been found on around 100 sites in Northern Ireland. All those sites were planted with imported saplings, some of which had the infection. Infected ash trees were destroyed along with any others planted alongside. That led to the removal of 100,000 young trees. The disease is widespread in Europe where it is killing mature trees. In Northern Ireland, it is mostly in saplings planted within the past five years. It spreads on the wind by spores. Scientists at the Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute (AFBI) in Belfast are trying to establish if that is happening in Northern Ireland yet. Prof Alistair McCracken, a plant pathologist with AFBI, said: "This is a serious disease. In Denmark they say up to 90% of the ash trees have been infected. "Now they haven't all died, but they have been affected and are looking quite sickly so potentially this could have a huge impact on the Northern Ireland environment." Infected ash trees will not recover, although mature trees can survive for a long time. The fungus appears between June and September on leaf litter. Each pinhead size fungus can produce large numbers of spores. When they land on a fresh ash leaf they germinate, penetrate the surface and grow into the stem. The first symptom is wilting leaves. As it gets worse the trees will develop a diamond-shaped dark-coloured lesion on the bark. In Denmark, Sweden and east European countries, where the disease has been present for 30 years, large numbers of trees have become infected. Scientists are worried about its impact in Northern Ireland, where ash is a common tree. They are carrying out a survey of more than 1,000 sites to identify any further problems. And they have asked for the public's help. The authorities have developed a smartphone app called Tree Check that the public can use to report potential problems, including a picture and a GPS position. They will then be assessed and, if necessary, the site visited by experts. Jim Crummie, plant health expert with the Forest Service urged the public to download the app and to be the "eyes and ears" of the authorities in the fight to combat the disease. Tree Check can be used to report all tree diseases, not just ash dieback.
Celtic lead the Dons on goal difference with a game in hand after losing at Pittodrie on their last league outing. "They're going to be more hungry," manager Deila said of his team. "They know that it is very important to keep momentum and winning games and getting performances. So, it [Aberdeen drawing level] is doing us better." Aberdeen beat Celtic 2-1 three days after Deila's side lost their League Cup semi-final to Ross County, who visit the champions on Saturday. "I am very impressed with what Aberdeen have done," he added. "We have won many games in the league, we have lost three games in one year and they have done very well. "Up in Aberdeen is always a tough game. We should have doe more there but now we need to just get back on track again. "You need to react even better if you are pushed from behind." Deila rejected the notion that Saturday is an opportunity for revenge but added that his team has a point to prove against County. Celtic took an early lead at Hampden but were soon reduced to 10 men following a red card for Efe Ambrose and lost out 3-1 to the Dingwall outfit. "We really want to bounce back after the semi-final," said Deila. "We have to take with us the first 12-15 minutes when we created a lot of chances and do that for 90 minutes. "It's about getting momentum now, getting on the right track, winning football games. If we do that, everything will be good, we'll get confidence in the team and play well." Deila also said that it was "normal" that other clubs would be interested in signing Charlie Mulgrew, who is out of contract at the end of the season. He insisted that the focus for the player and the club just now is to "get him back up to his highest level" following a prolonged spell out with injury. There was no progress to report on midfielders James Forrest and Stefan Johansen, who have 11 and 17 months to run on their respective deals. "It's never [straightforward] in football," said Deila. "They have to really want to play for Celtic as well. We will see in the end who is with us for the future and who is not." Deila added that he has not spoken to Leigh Griffiths following threatening remarks aimed at the striker's family on social media but is confident that the player's form will not suffer. "He's quite strong mentally and he knows what's right or wrong," he said of Celtic's top scorer. "He's performed very well this season and he just needs to keep his focus on the same things as he did earlier."
Sufism or Islamic mysticism was once suppressed by the Taliban, but the sect is recovering its place in the country and its millions of followers are once more emerging from the shadows. Sufis have considerable influence in both rural and urban settings - they are an effective popular force to bring change into society - and people consider them as disinterested mediators in disputes. ''The influence of Sufis will be very significant in bringing peace and tranquillity,'' says Sayed Mahmood Gailani, a Sufi master. ''There are a few people with Sufi backgrounds who are involved in the peace process. But there hasn't been any concerted effort to give the Sufis a systematic and prominent role in it.'' Sufism in Afghanistan is considered an integral part of Islam. People in general respect Sufis for their learning and believe they possess "karamat" - a miraculous spiritual power that enables Sufi masters to perform acts of generosity and bestow blessings. Ziyarats - Sufi shrines - are popular pilgrimage sites all over the country. In addition to Afghanistan, Sufi orders have millions of followers in both Pakistan and India too. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 and the following armed resistance by the mujahideen resulted in the arrival of thousands of Middle Eastern fighters and the introduction of foreign ideologies including Wahabism. Wahabism insists on a literal interpretation of Islam and sees Sufism and its ideas as anathema. This created tension between Sufis and Ulamas (religious scholars) in some parts of the country. But it was during the Taliban's rule (1996-2001) when many Sufis were driven underground. A number were initially part of the Taliban movement but gradually people influenced by the Wahabi ideology became more prominent. Sufis were silenced. Some Sufis, especially members of the Chishtiyya Sufi Order which considers music to be an effective route to reach Allah, were prosecuted. "The Taliban invaded Sufi gatherings, humiliated and beat up many of them and their musical instruments were smashed,'' said Afghan Culture Minister Sayed Makhdoom Rahin, who has a Sufi background. ''Sufis are free to hold their ceremonies once again with the same old exuberance denied to them by the Taliban.'' Given the respect and influence Sufis enjoy among the local population, their involvement at the grass roots level could help the peace process in war-torn Afghanistan. Although Taliban members come from various backgrounds, some have great respect for Sufis and are even followers of Sufism. "Influential and knowledgeable Sufis can persuade a large number of Taliban to lay down their arms and can also provide guarantees to the Taliban about their safety and peaceful future,'' a Sufi leader, Ahmad Shah Maududi, said. ''But we need to be careful and vigilant because many so-called Sufis have exploited and fooled ordinary people in the garb of Sufism.'' Sufism has been part of Afghanistan almost as long as Islam itself - more than 1,300 years. Afghanistan is commonly called "the home of Sufi saints". The mystics have been an integral part of the life of the people for centuries. The word Sufism is derived from "suf", the Arabic wood for wool, and refers to woollen robes worn by early ascetics. Sufis seek to achieve communion with God during mystic moments of union brought about by various methods, including meditation, Zikr (reciting the names of God and other sacred phrases), dancing, hymn singing, music and physical gyrations. Sufis maintain that human beings are creatures of Allah and they should be served and respected. ''Tolerance, kindness and love to all and malice towards none are the virtues of Sufis,'' says Maulana Obaidullah Nahrkarizi, a prominent Afghan Sufi master from Kandahar province. ''This is the solution to the nation's trauma and battle of the past 30 years''. Many Afghan cities are among the most important centres of Sufism. Herat is called "the soil of Sufi saints" while Ghazni is known as "the place of Sufi saints". Some of the greatest Sufi sages of the Muslim world originated from Afghanistan. They refined their insights in the country's lush plains and hidden valleys - and spread their message of peace and love to other parts of the world. The intensely personal poetry of Sufis has been expressed in Dari, Persian and Pashto, the main languages spoken in Afghanistan. There are several prominent Sufis  in contemporary Afghanistan including Ali Hujwiri, Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti and Jalaluddin Balkhi Rumi - founder of the famous Mawlawiya (the Order of Whirling Dervishes). Another famous Sufi is Pir Roshan, the founder of the Roshaniya Sufi Order, now known as Arzan Shahi - which has a big following in India. Three Sufi orders are prominent in Afghanistan today - Naqshbandiya founded in Bokhara (Uzbekistan), Qadiriya founded in Baghdad and Chishtiya originated at Chisht-e-Sharif in the western province of Herat. Their continued growth is arguably a major bonus in Afghanistan's continuing search for peace.
The streets of Sur - the city's old town - are slowly filling with people again but there is still a sense of unease in the air. There was little mood to celebrate the Kurdish New Year last week, known as Newroz. "People are waiting something to happen," says cafe-owner Mustafa, summing up the feelings of many in Diyarbakir. "We feel like we are in purgatory, either there will be peace again or a full-on war." It was during Newroz celebrations in Diyarbakir in 2013 that a statement was read out by imprisoned PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan called for a cease-fire with the Turkish state. Ocalan's message of ideas and politics rather than guns and bombs was relayed by Kurdish officials to some two million people who had gathered in the city. There was dancing in the streets adorned in yellow, green and red - the Kurdish national colours. It raised hopes for an end to a decades-long conflict that has claimed some 40,000 lives. But the peace process that followed was short-lived, and collapsed last July, plunging south-east Turkey back into violence. Mustafa's cafe is in the Hasanpasa Hani, a 16th-Century inn and market normally bustling with shoppers, students and artists. Despite the end of a three-month curfew, only a handful of people are sitting in Hasanpasa Hani's shady courtyard, sipping tea. "This place used to be full of people," he says. The district of Sur has been at the centre of some of region's fiercest battles between the security forces and the PKK. The Turkish military says it killed 279 militants in Sur. Activists say some of the dead were civilians. Thousands fled their homes, and some neighbourhoods are still cordoned off by police barricades. Lorry-loads of rubble are being removed from residential areas. The violence has also spread to big cities outside the southeast, including two car bombs in the capital Ankara that left dozens of people dead. Critics have accused the Turkish government of responding with an authoritarian clampdown on all Kurdish dissent. Recently, three academics were arrested after calling for an end to the security operations. Young locals in Diyarbakir are also feeling the government's tight grip. "We censor our lives a lot. We're scared to share anything on social media," says Bahri, 28, one of four young residents sitting around a table in Hasanpasa Hani. "We have friends who were detained for posting tweets." Sevket, a university student, says young people have been pushed towards the PKK by the government's "heavy-handed approach". For Ozge, the end of the peace process has meant dashed hopes. "Politics has failed us: both the government and the Kurdish political movement," she says. The fighting is over for now, but the police presence in Sur is very prominent, and visitors trying to enter are searched at checkpoints. The district is full of shops but there is little trading to be seen. "Sur is part of me, it makes me sad to see it like this," says Dilek, a painter and teacher buying painting supplies. "I don't think the city will heal for another decade." The city's ancient fortress and imposing walls were listed as Unesco heritage sites in 2015, raising hopes of a thriving tourism business, but the recent fighting has put paid to that. The local economy has been so badly affected that the Diyarbakir Chamber of Commerce says that more than 3,000 local companies have closed. Its chairman, Ahmet Sayar, is worried the hardship will further fuel the conflict, and wants the government to boost the local economy. "We have sent reports to the officials but we haven't received any reply," Mr Sayar says. "Local traders are asking if they are being punished for what's happening. "But our first demand from the government is a lasting peace. Without that, no remedy is going to succeed." BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring  on Twitter and Facebook.
The measures include killing animals in infected areas and banning sales of poultry products from those areas. The Dutch government has reported the "highly contagious" H5N8 strain at a poultry farm there. The UK reported a case at a duck farm in East Yorkshire, and the Commission said it was "probably identical". H5N8 can potentially affect humans. EU officials say the outbreaks may be linked to bird flu recently found in Germany. They say it could have been spread by migratory wild birds heading south for winter, but that tests are continuing to confirm any links between the three cases. The European Commission said in a statement that the UK and the Netherlands were already applying directives on culling affected poultry, prohibiting sales of affected poultry products and live birds, and establishing protection zones. It said: "The measures aim at quickly bringing the disease under control and at preventing the spread of the highly pathogenic avian influenza within the affected member states, to other member states and to third countries." At the scene: BBC's Anna Holligan in Hekendorp It was a tense and traumatic day at the farm. The idyllic Dutch image was destroyed by the hum of a truck carrying an industrial size gas canister and the appearance of men in orange boiler suits. The health and safety teams came to Hekendorp to gas 150,000 hens. Their primary concern is to contain the outbreak. Poultry farmers, even those operating outside the 10km exclusion zone, have an additional concern. Many are worried about the potential damage to the reputation of Dutch poultry products. The industry has been brought to a standstill. A nationwide transportation ban will remain in place until at least Tuesday. The Netherlands is the second largest exporter of agricultural products in the world. It exports more than six billion eggs annually. We watched from behind the fire retardant barrier as diggers poured hundreds of dead chickens into trucks. Neighbours living around the contaminated farm see the cull as an unpleasant but essential sacrifice. The Dutch authorities have already begun destroying 150,000 hens at the infected farm, in the village of Hekendorp. "This highly pathogenic variant of avian influenza is very dangerous for bird life," the Dutch government said in a statement (in Dutch). "The disease can be transmitted from animals to humans." The Dutch economics ministry says humans can only be infected through very close contact with infected birds. The authorities have imposed a three-day nationwide ban on the transportation of poultry and eggs. Earlier this month, a farm in north-eastern Germany detected cases of H5N8, which had previously not been reported in Europe. The strain has never been detected in humans, but an outbreak in South Korea meant millions of farm birds had to be slaughtered to contain it. Also on Monday, Egyptian health officials said a woman had died from the deadliest strain of the virus, H5N1, after coming into contact with infected birds in the south of the country. Meanwhile, officials in the UK confirmed at least one case of bird flu in Yorkshire, but insisted the risk to public health was "very low". A cull of poultry is being carried out at the site and an exclusion zone is in place. The Commission said: "The information available indicates that the H5 virus in the UK is probably identical to the H5N8 virus found in the Netherlands and in Germany." The head of the World Animal Health Organisation, Bernard Vallat, suggested that bird feed at the farms might have become contaminated by wild migratory birds. "If feed is not protected and a wild bird comes to eat it, it's enough to contaminate the feed and then those that eat that feed," Mr Vallat said. Most forms of bird flu do not infect humans, but H5N1 and H7N9 have caused serious infections in people, the World Health Organization (WHO) says. The majority of those infected had come into close contact with live or dead poultry. There is no evidence to suggest H5N1 and H7N9 can be passed to humans through properly prepared poultry or eggs, the WHO says. H5N1 has a mortality rate of about 60% in humans, and led to 384 deaths between 2003 and December 2013, according to WHO figures. Common symptoms include a high fever and coughing.
AMs are not meant to use assembly facilities for party-political campaigning. But in March, South Wales Central AM Neil McEvoy discussed the campaign at a press conference held in an assembly briefing room. Mr McEvoy accepted that he was in breach of the AM's code of conduct. The standards committee has recommended to the assembly that Mr McEvoy be censured for the breach - a formal reprimand. Their conclusion follows an investigation by the standards commissioner Sir Roderick Evans who said Mr McEvoy "failed to comply" with the rules on 14 March. The press conference was held while Mr McEvoy was suspended from his party group in March - a suspension that was later lifted. In a statement, Mr McEvoy said he distributed copies of a document at the press conference which contained seven policies relevant to the local elections, saying they were relevant to his suspension. He said: "This was not appropriate. I accept that it was in breach of the code of conduct." A Plaid Cymru spokeswoman said: "This is a matter for the individual member who apologised and we are pleased that this matter has been resolved."
Sir Thomas Winsor was consulted about Avon and Somerset PCC Sue Mountstevens' plans to "call upon" Nick Gargan to resign. The PCC says Mr Gargan has lost the confidence of the force at all levels, having been found guilty of misconduct. But some local Conservative MPs say he has been treated unfairly. In August, Sue Mountstevens became the first police and crime commissioner to say she would start the process of using new powers to call upon a chief constable to quit, a process which would effectively force him out. She referred her decision to Sir Thomas - her office has not confirmed his response. But BBC Points West's home affairs correspondent Steve Brodie said he understood the letter backed Ms Mountstevens' decision. Mr Gargan told the BBC he was unable to comment further. Now the decision will go to the local police and crime panel for scrutiny, although ultimately, Ms Mountstevens has the final word. Mr Gargan was suspended in May 2014, amid allegations of inappropriate conduct towards female staff. An IPCC investigation found those allegations were not proven, but that he had "repeatedly breached data protection principles" and had stored "intimate" material on his police-issue phone. An independent QC-led panel cleared him of gross misconduct, a sackable offence, but found him guilty of eight misconduct charges and recommended eight final written warnings. But his three predecessors as chief constable said he should quit for the good of the force. Announcing her decision in August to initiate the process to call upon him to go, Ms Mountstevens said his position had become "untenable". But MP for Bridgwater Ian Liddell-Grainger said Mr Gargan was the victim of a "witch hunt", and Bristol North West MP Charlotte Leslie said he had been tried in a "media court".
Asif Khan, 25, fled Afghanistan to come to the UK 11 years ago, but his younger brother Aimal, 14, stayed behind. Six months ago, his sibling made it to Calais, but had not yet made the final leg of his journey across the Channel to be reunited with his brother. Now he is one of 14 migrant children who have been brought into the country to join their families. Asif, who works as a chef, told the Press Association: "I really appreciate this. It was a blessing to receive him from there - I'm really happy. "His journey was so difficult, it was by walking, by bus to Calais. He gets a new life now, because there are many people who died in Calais." He said his journey to the UK was "hell" every night and he felt huge relief that the experience was over for his brother. Asif added: "I will just hug him because I haven't seen him since I left - I just miss him." The former Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, travelled to Croydon, south London, to meet the children on their arrival and accused the government of dragging its feet over accepting the young people from Calais' Jungle camp. All 14 migrant children aged 14 to 17 have now arrived in the UK and will later be reunited with relatives. French President Francois Hollande has said he wants the camp to be shut by the end of the year and on Monday, signs began to go up on shops giving them 48 hours to vacate. The chief of police in Calais would not confirm the date that the camp would be demolished, but said notices would go up either 48 or 24 hours beforehand to warn people. But Lord Williams said no process had yet been put in place to accept children without family in the UK. Home Secretary Amber Rudd last week indicated unaccompanied children, both those with and without relatives in the UK, would be allowed into Britain. An EU regulation allows children to seek UK asylum because they have close relatives in the country but a number of other children became eligible for admission under an amendment to the Immigration Act introduced in May by the Labour peer Lord Dubs. Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Lord Williams said the UK had a "basic moral imperative" to offer security to "deeply traumatised and deeply needy people". He said: "We have the beginnings of some sort of response to what is still a hugely troubling... situation." Lord Williams said more than 3,000 places for children without relatives in the UK had been offered by 44 local councils. He said while it was "very welcome that at last the government has taken some official steps to get the children coming... I'm not sure why there is such foot-dragging". He added: "But we have had confirmation that the home secretary is eager to see movement... and we want to press that willingness and make sure it delivers". Under EU rules, asylum claims must be made in the first safe country a person reaches, but children can have their claim transferred to another country if they have family members living there. Meanwhile, the Local Government Association, which represents local authorities in England and Wales, has said councils will require long-term help from the government so the support of unaccompanied children is "properly funded". Most of those arriving in the UK later are understood to be teenage boys. They are from Afghanistan and Syria, while one is a stateless Bidun who originated from Kuwait. They are among about 100 minors who will be brought over by the Home Office. Their first task will be to register with the Home Office in Croydon. A number of checks also need to take place, to ensure they will be in a safe environment with their relatives. Ahead of any family reunions, the children will be cared for by state agencies. A Home Office spokesperson said: "This is the start of the process to transfer as many eligible children as possible before the start of the clearance, as the home secretary set out in Parliament. "These vulnerable children... were transferred to the UK under the care of Home Office staff, with the support of volunteers from specialist NGOs and charities. They will join their families in the UK as quickly as possible over the coming days." Anne Longfield, children's commissioner for England, said: "For those arriving, plans must be in place to ensure they are supported to get over their traumatic experiences, into schools and that they get any health treatment needed. "Apart from those with rights to come to the UK there are several hundred other children in the camp, the vast majority on their own." The charity Citizens UK, which is working alongside the government, echoed Lord Williams's concerns over the plight of children with no family connections in the UK. "These are children who are particularly vulnerable. It appears that no system has been put in place to register and assess these children, despite assurances from home secretary," it said. And Lord Dubs, whose amendment to the Immigration Act 2016 requires the government to relocate unaccompanied refugee children from Europe, said: "Looking ahead we must never allow a repeat of Calais. "The government must learn lessons from this situation and realise that it has a duty to make the Dublin mechanism work across Europe, as well as establishing a clear procedure for children without family eligible for sanctuary under the Dubs amendment." It is estimated up to 10,000 people are living in the Jungle, which is situated near the port of Calais, and close to the 31-mile Channel Tunnel. Many of the migrants in northern France attempt to reach the UK by boarding lorries as they approach ports or the tunnel. President Hollande wants to move the inhabitants of the Jungle to reception centres across the country and demolish the camp. Aid groups have raised concerns that the planned closure will lead to children disappearing before they are processed.
The open prison, in Warrington, houses 304 young adults aged 18 to 25. A report by HM Inspectorate of Prisons found it is "safe", with low absconding rates, low incidence of self-harm and any anti-social behaviour addressed. However, some prisoners criticised officers as "petty" and complained the food was poor. The report found security levels were appropriate, but some rules were being used unnecessarily, with disciplinary procedures invoked too hastily. Most prisoners were engaged in learning and many of those go on to earn qualifications. Inspector Nick Hardwick said more work was needed to promote diversity and integrate foreign national prisoners. He added: "In three of our four healthy prison assessments, we have awarded our highest marking, and managers and staff should be commended for this. "This report highlights a small number of important issues requiring improvement and our recommendations will, hopefully, assist in that process." Michael Spurr, CEO of the National Offender Management Service, said: "I'm pleased that Thorn Cross has been recognised for its continued good work around preparing the young men for their release."
The U's are now three games unbeaten in League One, but remain seven points from safety with six matches to play. "The club as a whole is going in the right direction," Keen told BBC Essex. "The players are playing with heart and soul and they're having a right go. "I thought it was a good competitive game with both teams going at it." The result means the U's have only conceded once in their last three games, a drastic improvement for a team with the worst defensive record in England's top four divisions. "I thought we were fantastic defensively," continued Keen. "I'm really pleased with the clean sheet. The boys are disappointed because they know we've got to win matches, but to get a clean sheet against that team, I'm pleased for them. "They're up in the play-offs for a reason. Realistically, a point is probably a fair result."
Media playback is not supported on this device Paula Radcliffe, Jonathan Edwards and Colin Jackson are among "collateral damage" says European Athletics taskforce chair Pierce O'Callaghan. But he told BBC Radio 5 live: "There is a bigger picture out there." All pre-2005 records could be rewritten under the new rules, which need to be ratified by governing body, the IAAF. O'Callaghan said: "Apologies to the athletes, we never intended to damage their reputation and legacy. It is intended to give the public belief and credibility in what they are watching in the sport." It's going to affect everybody - and it lumps us all in with the cheats But BBC athletics commentator and former world 1500m champion Steve Cram called the proposals an "easy route out" and "a PR exercise". Cram set world records for the 1500m, mile and 2,000m in the space of 19 days in 1985, and still holds the European records for the latter two distances - although under the proposals those pre-2005 European records would join world records in being reset. He added that the measures are "not going to stop people cheating". Media playback is not supported on this device The IAAF (International Association of Athletics Federations) has only stored blood and urine samples since 2005 and current records that do not meet the new criteria would remain on an "all-time list", but not be officially recognised as records if the IAAF accepts the proposal. European Athletics president Hansen said he would encourage the IAAF to adopt the proposal at its August council meeting, while IAAF president Lord Coe said the changes were "a step in the right direction". The world records to fall would include Edwards' triple jump mark of 18.29m - set in 1995 - and Jackson's 1994 indoor 60m hurdles world best of 7.30secs, as well as Radcliffe's marathon time of two hours 15 minutes 25 seconds, set in 2003 using two male pacemakers. O'Callaghan compared the changes to English football introducing the Premier League above the First Division in 1992 and rugby union's Five Nations becoming the Six Nations in 2000, and said the records will be "recalibrated". "We hope people look at it in that vein, rather than stripping great athletes like Paula of their records," added O'Callaghan, who said he had spoken to Radcliffe and Edwards. "Unfortunately Paula ran her records in a golden period that happens to be two years before the technology moved on. "People should not look at Paula's records and throw them in with doping records - she achieved her performance, as did Jonathan, with 100% integrity. "This is about the bigger picture of reform in athletics and ensuring the public in events like the London World Championships [in August 2017], that they can believe what they are watching." Media playback is not supported on this device If the proposals are accepted by the IAAF, a world or European record would only be recognised if it meets all three of the following criteria: More than 100 Olympic athletes who competed at the 2008 and 2012 Games have been sanctioned for doping after the International Olympic Committee embarked on a programme of retesting old samples. But Radcliffe has called the proposals "cowardly" and accused the governing bodies of "failing clean athletes". Jackson added: "They are making excuses on why they are doing it. I think it is a wrong reason why they are doing it. We all understand the situation with doping but it is not the fault of the clean athletes." Steve Cram, former world 1500m champion, now BBC athletics commentator We are all trying to make sure we look at ways we can improve the integrity of our sport but this smacks to me as an easy route out. There are massive issues for the sport to contend with and this, for me, is almost a PR exercise. I can't believe that if the public don't have credibility now that they are going to have it going forward. I don't think it changes much. It's very confusing for people, and it's going to affect everybody all the way down. It lumps us all in with those cheats. It's not our fault that over the years the sport did not police itself properly. It's not our fault they didn't do their job. I don't think it's going to change anything. It's not going to stop people cheating. I was chatting with the president of European Athletics and asked "have you thought this through?". I am not convinced they have. All the member federations of European Athletics will have to scrap their national records because you can't have a national record quicker than the European record, and so on. Part of the worst aspect of it is that in the document that they are putting forward, they are talking about preserving the dignity of the athletes as well. It's about preserving their own dignity. It's an easy cop out. They haven't been able to make the tough decisions. If there are records that they believe that shouldn't be on the books then they should go after those with whatever scrutiny they have can. If they can't do that, then this is their problem to deal with. We all lose our records eventually. It's fine somebody comes along and breaks it but what is not fair is that the federation decides that is not the record any more. As a broadcaster, what do I say to the public? In the early days, there was no drug testing, did we scrap all of those records? No. Then, drug testing was introduced and now we have tougher drug testing. That's fine, we all accept that. Maybe some things slipped through the net in the past but you can't keep drawing a line every five years. The farcical thing they are going to end up with, is that there will still be people holding records who have had a ban - but the records they set were before the ban and those will still stand. Somebody fails a test in 2015 and then all of their performances for that period are scrapped. But if they set a record in 2012, that stays. That's silly.
The area has been selected by the government to host the £5m Great Exhibition of the North in 2018. It was chosen above three other shortlisted bidders - Sheffield, Bradford and Blackpool. Former Chancellor George Osborne came up with the idea as part of his Northern Powerhouse package. Culture Secretary Karen Bradley said she was won over by Newcastle and Gateshead's "ambition", including the organisers' estimate that the exhibition will attract three million people. By Will Gompertz, arts editor The only potential problem I can see at this stage with the Great Exhibition of the North is the title. It sets expectations high, don't you think? What with its echoes of The Great Exhibition (1851), which was a World Fair and therefore rather different. There was also the famous Art Treasures of Great Britain exhibition, which was held in Manchester in 1857. That was a blockbuster show if ever there was one, with around 1.3 million visitors going to take a look at the 16,000 artworks on display. It ran for just over five months. The team behind the Newcastle-Gateshead bid are hoping to attract three million people in two months to their multi-site showcase of the North of England's contemporary arts and enterprise scene. That's an ambitious target. I hope it, together with the hyperbolic title, doesn't overwhelm the event's programmers and lead them down the Millennium Dome-type route of worthy but dull quasi-educational installations. It should and could be a terrific show, leaving visitors to conclude for themselves that it was a great (with a lowercase G) exhibition. "That level of ambition really did stand out," she told BBC News. "But that doesn't mean this is just for Newcastle-Gateshead." The 77-day exhibition will have the overarching theme of The Blazing World - The Fires of Invention. Newcastle and Gateshead's joint bid said: "Inspired by the trailblazers of the north, the exhibition will have several cross-cutting themes for all to respond to, showing how the north's fires of invention continue to transform our world. "Crucially, we will connect artists with scientists and inventors to work closely together, to create new artworks and respond to the great innovations of our time. Arts will meet industry in powerful and memorable ways." The region has already proved it can host major art events, with a record 140,000 people visiting the Turner Prize exhibition when it was staged at the Baltic in 2011. But cultural venues in both Newcastle and Gateshead have struggled in the face of local council funding cuts in recent years. As well as the £5m for the exhibition, the government has pledged £15m for a legacy fund, which will be open to cultural organisations across the north. Mrs Bradley said: "This is an exhibition for the whole north, and certainly through the legacy work, we are looking for bids across the whole of the north of England so we can really show everything the north has to offer." Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
That is the warning in a report from economists at the World Bank. But there are some more upbeat aspects of their assessment. They don't reject the idea that this might just be a temporary soft patch. And they say emerging economies are not as vulnerable as they were in previous decades. The starting point for this report is the marked slowdown in growth that has already taken place in the emerging market economies since 2010. They have grown more slowly than the five years before the international financial crisis. By last year, the growth rate had slipped below the long-term average. China is the most high-profile example and in a way it's a special case. A slowdown there was seen as inevitable after three decade of rapid economic expansion. But many others in this group have also seen their performance weaken including Brazil, Russia and South Africa. (India is something of an exception.) Their slowdown contrasts with a weak but steady recovery in the advanced economies. The central question posed by the report is whether this is a temporary problem or the beginning of a new era of slower growth. There is no definitive answer in this report, but there is a clear sense of unease that it might be the latter, less attractive of the two possibilities. Some of the factors behind the slowdown are likely to be persistent. Many are affected by sliding prices of commodities such as metals and oil. There has also been weaker demand in export markets for their products, which in turn partly reflects what the report calls "anaemic growth in the advanced economies". International trade is likely to stay weak as the rich countries' recovery remains hesitant. Large investments in commodity production in recent years are likely to mean strong supplies which will keep downward pressure on prices. Some, especially oil exporters, have seen a deterioration in government finances as tax revenue has fallen sharply. There also been a marked decline in foreign investment going into emerging economies. It fell by about a quarter between 2010 and 2014. In the first part of 2015 there was a marked increase in capital leaving the emerging economies. There are also domestic factors, including aging populations in many emerging economies.  The growth in productivity - the amount that each worker produces - has slowed in many. The report describes the slowdown as "unusually synchronous (affecting many countries at the same time) and protracted". Looking, ahead the report notes the prospect of higher borrowing costs as the US Federal Reserve is expected to start raising interest rates - widely expected to begin as soon as next week. That is likely to lead also to a stronger dollar. That makes money borrowed in dollars more expensive to repay and the amount of foreign currency debt has increased from 30% of emerging economies' national income in 2007 to 36% last year. Declining currencies could also cause an inflation problem - they make imports more costly. There are clearly some reasons to be concerned. But the World Bank's economists also emphasise how these countries have changed compared with the 1980s and 90s. They have reduced debt and inflation levels, diversified their economies (they are less dependent on specific industries and so less in danger if those industries get into difficulty). And they have improved their economic policies. What should they do? There is no one-size-fits-all. Those who can afford to spend more on infrastructure (transport, telecommunications, energy) would benefit from doing so. There's a call for continued efforts to improve the climate for business, make labour markets more effective, tackle corruption and improve the efficiency of government.  Much of this is frankly advice the Bank would give to most countries most of the time. So no hard conclusions here.  More of a warning; a call for economic vigilance.
Swedish prosecutors issued a European arrest warrant for Mr Assange after allegations of sexual assault related to a 2010 visit Mr Assange made to Stockholm to give a lecture. He denies the claims. These are the key dates: Below is more information on how events have unfolded: Julian Assange arrives in Sweden on a speaking trip partly arranged by "Miss A", a member of the Christian Association of Social Democrats. He has not met "Miss A" before but reports suggest they have arranged in advance that he can stay in her apartment while she is out of town for a few days. "Miss A" and Mr Assange attend a seminar by the Social Democrats' Brotherhood Movement on "War and the role of media", at which the Wikileaks founder is the key speaker. The two reportedly have sex that night. Mr Assange reportedly has sex with a woman he met at the seminar on 14 August, identified as "Miss W". Some time between 17 and 20 August, "Miss W" and "Miss A" are in contact and apparently share with a journalist the concerns they have about aspects of their respective sexual encounters with Mr Assange. Mr Assange applies for a residence permit to live and work in Sweden. He hopes to create a base for Wikileaks there, because of the country's laws protecting whistle-blowers. The Swedish Prosecutor's Office issues an arrest warrant for Mr Assange on allegations of rape and molestation. Both women reportedly say that what started as consensual sex became non-consensual. Wikileaks quotes Mr Assange as saying the accusations are "without basis" and that their appearance "at this moment is deeply disturbing". A later message on the Wikileaks Twitter feed says the group has been warned to expect "dirty tricks". The arrest warrant is withdrawn. "I don't think there is reason to suspect that he has committed rape," says one of Stockholm's chief prosecutors, Eva Finne. Prosecutors say the investigation into the molestation allegation will continue but it is not a serious enough crime for an arrest warrant. The lawyer for the two women, Claes Borgstrom, lodges an appeal to a special department in the public prosecutions office. Mr Assange is questioned by police in Stockholm and formally told of the allegations against him, according to his lawyer at the time, Leif Silbersky. The activist denies the allegations. Swedish Director of Prosecution Marianne Nye says she is reopening the rape investigation against Mr Assange. "Considering information available at present, my judgement is that the classification of the crime is rape." The Wikileaks founder is denied residency in Sweden. No reason is given, although an official on Sweden's Migration Board tells the AFP news agency "he did not fulfil the requirements". Stockholm District Court approves a request to detain Mr Assange for questioning on suspicion of rape, sexual molestation and unlawful coercion. Ms Nye says he has not been available for questioning. By this time Mr Assange has travelled to London. His British lawyer, Mark Stephens, says his client offered to be interviewed at the Swedish embassy in London or Scotland Yard or via video link. He accuses Ms Nye of "abusing her powers" in insisting that Mr Assange return to Sweden. Swedish police issue an international arrest warrant for Mr Assange via Interpol. The Wikileaks founder gives himself up to British police and is taken to an extradition hearing. He is remanded in custody pending another hearing. Mr Assange is granted bail by at the High Court and is freed after his supporters pay Â£240,000 in cash and sureties. A British court rules that Mr Assange should be extradited to Sweden. Lawyers lodge papers at the High Court for an appeal against extradition. The High Court upholds the decision to extradite Mr Assange . Mr Assange wins the right to petition the UK Supreme Court directly after judges rule that his case raised "a question of general public importance". The Supreme Court rules that he should be extradited to Sweden. Ecuador's foreign minister says Mr Assange has applied for political asylum at Ecuador's embassy in London. Ecuador's foreign minister claims the UK has issued a "threat" to enter the Ecuadorean embassy in London to arrest Mr Assange. The Foreign Office says it reminded Ecuador that it has the power to revoke the diplomatic immunity of an embassy on UK soil and says Britain has a legal obligation to extradite him. Ecuador grants asylum to Mr Assange, saying there are fears his human rights might be violated if he is extradited. Mr Assange describes it as a "significant victory", but the UK government expresses its disappointment. The UK insists it will not grant Mr Assange "safe passage" to Ecuador as it seeks a diplomatic solution. Downing Street says the government is legally obliged to extradite him to Sweden. Nine people who put up bail sureties for Mr Assange are ordered by a judge to pay thousands of pounds each after his failure to appear in court. Ecuador's ambassador says Mr Assange has a chronic lung infection "which could get worse at any moment". The embassy says it sought assurances Mr Assange would not be arrested if he was taken to hospital. Mr Assange says he will leave London's Ecuadorean embassy "soon" after two years of refuge. He does not clarify when he will depart but says it is "probably not" for the reasons reported in the UK press. Stories had suggested he required medical treatment. Swedish prosecutors drop their investigation into one accusation of sexual molestation and one of unlawful coercion against Mr Assange because they have run out of time to question him. The more serious allegation of rape is not due to expire until 2020. Scotland Yard announces it will no longer be sending officers to stand guard outside the Ecuadorean embassy in London. Officers had been there since 2012, at an estimated cost of more than Â£12m. The Metropolitan Police says the effort is "no longer believed proportionate" but it would be deploying "a number of overt and covert tactics to arrest" Mr Assange. A UN panel rules that Mr Assange should be allowed to walk free and be compensated for his "deprivation of liberty". The UN's Working Group on Arbitrary Detention says the Wikileaks founder was arbitrarily detained by UK and Swedish authorities since his arrest in 2010, and the detention violated his human, civil and political rights. Mr Assange hails it a "significant victory" and calls the decision "binding" - but UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond brands the ruling "ridiculous". The UK Foreign Office says the report "changes nothing" and it will "formally contest the working group's opinion". Before the ruling, police said he would still be arrested if he left the embassy.
However, the first of the Seattle bands which made up the grunge music scene - a fusion of punk, indie and rock - Soundgarden, released their most successful album, Superunknown, that year. The Grammy-winning album produced the hit singles Black Hole Sun and Spoonman, and helped the band achieve worldwide sales of more than 20 million records. The re-mastered digital version of the album will be released this year to mark its 20th anniversary of release. The group, which reformed in 2010 after a 13-year hiatus, also played the album in its entirety for the first time at the iTunes festival in Austin, Texas, last month. "We were touring at the time of Kurt's death," lead singer Chris Cornell recalls, "and we just came off stage to be told of the reports that they had found Kurt, and he was dead. "We were very emotional. All of the bands in Seattle had grown up together, we were all friends. I wanted to deny it, I didn't want to believe it was true. It was one of the most difficult things I've ever had to hear." Guitarist Kim Thayil adds: "In some ways, I agree, grunge was already coming to an end at the time of Kurt's death. "Sure, we released Superunknown that year, but all of us, the successful grunge bands, had left Seattle and were endlessly on the road. In the meantime the city was full of musicians moving there, wanting to make it in the industry. It was like LA during the '80s, the Sunset strip and hair metal. It had lost its vibe." In the past, Cornell has described Soundgarden, who formed in 1984, as "the band that created the soundtrack" for grunge music. Out of all the groups that formed in Seattle in the late 1980s - most famously, Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains and Mudhoney - they were the first to sign to a mainstream label. But it was the release of Nirvana's Nevermind album, in September 1991, which put the city, and its then-unique style of music, on the musical map. "I don't think there ever can be those conditions in the industry again to produce something like the Seattle band scene, of which Nirvana were the cultural event," he says. "Seattle was an isolated and provincial place that was left alone for years to develop its musical scene. None of us had overnight success, it's not like suddenly one day Nirvana, Soundgarden and Pearl Jam all formed. "It all changed after Nevermind, it became commercialised. Everyone wanted to discover the next big thing." "I don't think the grunge movement was actually original," continues Thayil. "It was just a a synthesis of different underground music genres. What made it original was the kind of people doing it - it was our extreme youth. I think most of us were trying to fit in with the rock scene in the city, but because we were also fans of darker music - British bands like Joy Division, Killing Joke, Bauhaus, The Smiths - our shows reached a whole other audience of kids. "All of us in these bands were influencing each other, I think that was our secret to developing the sound. We were all watching what the other bands were doing, there was a real friendly rivalry between us all. "We all borrowed from Nirvana, but they also borrowed from us. It became something electric in Seattle and it felt great to be influential for a moment in time." Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron agrees: "The success of Nevermind took everyone by surprise." "Of course, Kurt was a very special frontman, anyone could see the rapport between him and his audience - but no-one could ever have predicted that album would sell 30 million copies. "And again, this couldn't happen again in the digital age because kids would already have been file sharing, but also, social media would have built a hype. What happened with the grunge movement was organic, and I wonder if that will be the last time that can happen in the music industry. "Certainly I'm not sure there'll ever be a regional music movement again, and I don't think the next big thing in music will involve guitars - right now rock has lost its place at the centre of music." After Soundgarden's split, Chris Cornell went on to form supergroup Audioslave, with members of Rage Against the Machine. Soundgarden's reformation in 2010 led to the hit album King Animal in 2012, but they have returned, Matt Cameron insists, to "a different world". "Think about it," he says. "We've been invited to something called the iTunes festival, which is one of the biggest brands in music, and didn't exist before, and Lady Gaga is hanging around Austin, Texas, at what was once a little event for alternative music called SXSW. Our concert is being streamed live to millions of people, it's a strange concept to us. But it's humbling to have produced one album at least that still resonates after two decades. "We released Superunknown a month before Kurt's death. You know, if you were part of the Seattle scene you were soldiers in the field. We enjoyed a lot of success but we all lost a lot too, and Kurt is the biggest example of that. Those of us who are left are friends for life. "Dave Grohl is a great friend of ours still, he directed a recent music video for us, and he's turning into a very talented filmmaker too." It's the loss of the talent of Kurt Cobain that Chris Cornell argues is the most difficult to deal with. "To have all that promise snatched away, to think of all the things he could have been creating now. The possibilities were just so great." The re-mastered edition of Superunknown by Soundgarden will be released in the UK in June 2014.
The BBC said on Thursday it had "parted company" with the Radio 2 DJ because he had not co-operated fully with the Jimmy Savile sex abuse inquiry. Mr Blackburn strenuously denies any wrongdoing. The BBC said the corporation and Mr Blackburn were "clearly in disagreement on a range of issues". The inquiry, by Dame Janet Smith, concluded that Mr Blackburn had been questioned by the BBC in 1971 about a complaint by a teenage girl. The DJ insists he was not. Dame Janet Smith report: Key sections Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Broadcasting House, in an interview to be broadcast on Sunday, Mr Blackburn said he had been told that by resigning "you don't cut off all ties, and we can probably bring you back in a few months". But he said he had refused, adding: "I said: 'No I wouldn't do that, because I've got nothing to hide'." Mr Blackburn said the inquiry - which looked into abuse by the late DJ Jimmy Savile and broadcaster Stuart Hall - included an accusation he had been among celebrities who had "seduced" a 15-year-old girl who later killed herself. The 73-year-old denies the allegation and says he was cleared of wrongdoing. Dame Janet said both senior BBC executive Bill Cotton and a senior lawyer said they had had conversations with the DJ. She rejected evidence Mr Blackburn had given, in which he had said he had not been asked at the time about the allegation. BBC director general Lord Hall said Mr Blackburn, who had most recently presented the Saturday afternoon Radio 2 show Pick of the Pops, "fell short of the standards of evidence that such an inquiry demanded". But Mr Blackburn, who has said he will sue the BBC, where he worked for nearly 50 years, said he had told the truth. "Now it's, I suppose, my word against a judge's - I've got no idea," he said. "I was by myself, I told the truth, now if that's not up to BBC standards, I don't know what he [Lord Hall] means by that." Mr Blackburn added that he wished he had been "investigated properly" in 1971 "because we wouldn't be in the mess we are now". Mr Blackburn, who was the first DJ to broadcast on Radio 1 when it launched in 1967, also told the Daily Mail he would return to his job at the BBC "without any hard feelings" if he was offered it back. He added: "If the BBC said: 'Let's wipe the slate clean and start again', I'd forget it. Absolutely. "I'd shake the director general's hand and say: 'If the whole thing's been a mistake, let's say no more about it.'" A BBC spokesman said: "Clearly Mr Blackburn and the BBC are in disagreement on a range of issues. Our position hasn't changed. "As matters are potentially subject to a legal process, we have nothing further to add at this stage." The full interview with Mr Blackburn can be heard on Broadcasting House on Radio 4 at 09:00 GMT on Sunday.
Gytis Griskevicius, 32, was found guilty of murdering Marina Erte, 33, at her Boston flat on 20 May 2016. The jury in the trial at Lincoln Crown Court heard he was jealous of her relationship with a new boyfriend. Lithuanian national Griskevicius, of St Ann's Lane, Boston, was told he must serve a minimum of 23 years. Read more about this and other stories from Lincolnshire Sentencing him, judge Michael Heath said: "I have detected not a shred of remorse in your body. "You inflicted upon your wife a brutal assault. She suffered a traumatic brain injury. You weren't satisfied with that and you finished her off." The court heard Griskevicius tried to set fire to the flat after killing Ms Erte, who worked at a fruit packing plant in Spalding, but the flames failed to spread. In a statement, Ms Erte's family described her as a "much loved mother, daughter, sister and friend". They said her death "left a big void" in all their lives. Ms Erte's injuries included fractures to both eye sockets, her nose and her jaw. Her naked body was found in the bath by firemen who had been called out by neighbours. Griskevicius, who denied murder, had been celebrating his birthday before heading to Ms Erte's flat. He told police the couple had sex at her flat and she was "fine" when he left her, the jury heard. The couple married in 2010 but had begun divorce proceedings in January 2016.
Jamieson, who lost his place to on-loan Rangers 20-year-old Liam Kelly, had been sent out on loan to junior outfit Bo'ness United earlier this month. He would become Accies' third goalkeeping addition of the summer. Gary Woods was signed permanently from Leyton Orient and Remi Matthews on loan from Norwich City. The Premiership club lost Michael McGovern to Norwich this summer after his Euro 2016 displays for Northern Ireland. Meanwhile, 16-year-old Jon McCracken followed him from New Douglas Park to Carrow Road earlier this month. Jamieson had made 101 appearances for Livingston, 16 while they were in the Championship last season.
Media playback is not supported on this device David Kenworthy, chairman of UK Anti-Doping (Ukad), told the BBC: "We've been told to expect cuts of up to 25%. "Ukad would be in jeopardy if we had large cuts like that because the purpose for which we're here, I'm not sure we could fulfil it properly." The warning comes in a year when sport has suffered widespread doping claims. "We've got to have the time and means to try to make up that income if we're to survive - if we don't, the integrity of UK sport is at risk," said Kenworthy. "That would be desperate. With the amount of money invested in the integrity of sport over the years, to get it to where it is, that would be a huge blow to UK plc." Last year Ukad, which is responsible for protecting clean athletes, conducted 8,728 tests across 40 sports. The organisation has a budget of £7m - largely made up of state funding - which is less than when it was established in 2009, but has now been told to plan for a possible further cut of up to 25%. A government spokesperson said: "The government is clear that Ukad works tirelessly to ensure athletes and sport are clean, and continues to be recognised internationally for its work. "Decisions on future funding are rightly for the spending review on 25 November, but we have also been clear that all parts of the public sector will be required to find savings through efficiencies and reforming the way things are done, so that we deliver more with less. "It's part our plan to build a strong and stable economy for working people and ensure the sustainability of our priority public services." But Kenworthy described the proposed cut as "drastic", and added: "Something's got to give, so the testing would certainly go." "Tests are very expensive. The standard urine sample to be tested costs £371, the athlete biological passport costs £439 for each test. "I think we'd be almost dead in the water frankly - you can't function on that basis. It would be an appalling cut, and appalling waste of our experience that we have built up. " As well as testing athletes, Ukad has been investing increasing amounts of time and money into intelligence-based work, joining forces with the National Crime Agency as it looks to cut off the supply of imported, illicit supplements at source. As part of Operation Bloodthirsty, Ukad has been raiding underground drugs labs in Britain as it tries to crack down on the illegal trafficking of steroids. "I'd be horrified if we had to reduce our intelligence and investigations because we are dealing there with not just athletes but suppliers, coaches and people encouraging athletes to dope," said Kenworthy. "Testing is a very blunt tool. So we target test based on intelligence. We're looking at a health problem. People in gyms have no idea what they're buying." Kenworthy says if its budget is cut, Ukad may be forced to ask the sport industry - which generates billions of pounds annually through sponsorship, broadcasting and tickets sales - to contribute significantly more to the protection of integrity. "The country can't live beyond its means. We've got to bridge the gap. Sport might have to step up and pay for some of the work that we do," he said. "Think about the amount of money that goes into sport in this country. Sixty-six medals are forecast for Rio - at a cost of £4.6m for each medal. That's almost our budget - for one medal. If one of those medals if proved to be false the damage done to our reputation is enormous. I'd hate to see the integrity of this country sacrificed. "The money that goes through our turnstiles is huge, as is the broadcasting rights money. All that money is invested in sport, and the only one keeping us clean is Ukad." Last year, Ukad analysed 5,160 samples with 0.7% recording adverse findings.
Wayne Rooney Sr and seven other men had been held at addresses in Merseyside. Motherwell FC player Steve Jennings had been arrested at his home in Glasgow. Police said the men had been arrested for conspiracy to defraud. The probe relates to alleged betting irregularities surrounding a game between Motherwell and Hearts. Concerns about the game, on 14 December 2010, were raised by the Association of British Bookmakers after a number of bets from the Liverpool area were placed on there being a sending off. During the match Jennings, who had already been booked, was shown a straight red card for foul and abusive language aimed at referee Stevie O'Reilly late in the 2-1 home defeat. The 26-year-old, who is from Liverpool and joined Motherwell from Tranmere two years ago, has denied any wrongdoing. It is believed that Manchester United and England striker Rooney's uncle Richie, 54, was also among those detained. Stewart Regan, SFA chief executive, said: "While the investigation involves several other individuals outwith Scotland, it is important to stress that the evidence gathered throughout this thorough period of investigation has involved only one Scottish match. "Motherwell FC are aware of the situation and will issue a response in due course." In a statement, Merseyside Police said: "Detectives have today executed warrants at 10 addresses across Merseyside and Glasgow and arrested nine men as part of an investigation into suspicious betting activity. "The arrests are the culmination of a joint operation with the Gambling Commission and the nine who have been arrested for conspiracy to defraud are being interviewed by detectives. "Those arrested are a 29-year-old from Bootle, a 48-year-old from West Derby, a 54-year-old from Norris Green, a 26-year-old from Croxteth, a 22-year-old from Kirkdale, a 31-year-old from Litherland, a 68-year-old from Fazakerley, a 36-year-old from Kirkby and a 26-year-old from Glasgow. "The investigation relates to a match between Motherwell and Hearts on December 14 2010."
Mr Gordhan will be replaced by Malusi Gigaba, said a statement issued late on Thursday by the preisdent's office. Earlier this week, President Zuma recalled Mr Gordhan from planned events in the UK and US. Sfiso Buthelezi will become Deputy Finance Minister, replacing Mcebisi Jonas. "I have directed the new ministers and deputy ministers to work tirelessly with their colleagues to bring about radical socioeconomic transformation and to ensure that the promise of a better life for the poor and the working class becomes a reality," President Zuma's statement said. Last October, Mr Gordhan was charged with fraud - but the charges were later dropped. He has described the allegations as politically motivated. Mr Gordhan has been seen as standing up to President Zuma in cabinet and has warned against corruption becoming rampant. The South African Communist Party, an ally of the governing African National Congress, had earlier lodged a formal objection to plans to dismiss Mr Gordhan, who is widely respected internationally. Many senior ANC figures also opposed the finance minister's removal.
Photos shared by local media show copies of the Islamic holy book in three toilet bowls. Campus police say the case is "strange" and "very unusual" due to the religious and ethnic diversity at the school. Police are trying to identify one of six people seen entering the toilet on the evening of the incident, 28 March. Investigators have been reviewing security footage to find a suspect. X-Men artist fired over Koran verse A reflection room where multi-faith prayer books are kept on the building's ground floor was not touched, according to investigators. Police Chief Larry Zacharias told the Dallas Morning News: "No one knows who owns the books, so that makes it difficult." Mohammad Syed, president of the college's Muslim Student Association, told local media the case was "definitely saddening and a little disturbing as well". "While there is a little voice of hate, there is an overwhelming voice of love and support and we definitely appreciate that," he said. Why was Koran ripped up at school meeting? He added that the university is "a very welcoming environment". The Korans were discovered by members of the student government after an evening meeting. "I was appalled," said Jonathan Schuler, who found the sacred texts in the toilets. "It made a lot of the hate I had been hearing and seeing on national news real, and very present." The student senators have released a statement calling it an isolated incident that does not represent the university community. 'I escaped death by reciting from the Koran'
Local co-ordinates, used to produce maps and measurements, and global ones differ by more than 1m. The body responsible for the change said it would help the development of self-driving cars, which need accurate location data to navigate. Australia moves about 7cm north annually because of tectonic movements. Modern satellite systems provide location data based on global lines of longitude and latitude, which do not move even if the continents on Earth shift. However, many countries produce maps and measurements with the lines of longitude and latitude fixed to their local continent. "If the lines are fixed, you can put a mark in the ground, measure its co-ordinate, and it will be the same co-ordinate in 20 years," explained Dan Jaksa of Geoscience Australia. "It's the classical way of doing it." Because of the movement of the Earth's tectonic plates, these local co-ordinates drift apart from the Earth's global co-ordinates over time. "If you want to start using driverless cars, accurate map information is fundamental," said Mr Jaksa. "We have tractors in Australia starting to go around farms without a driver, and if the information about the farm doesn't line up with the co-ordinates coming out of the navigation system there will be problems." The Geocentric Datum of Australia, the country's local co-ordinate system, was last updated in 1994. Since then, Australia has moved about 1.5 metres north. So on 1 January 2017, the country's local co-ordinates will also be shifted further north - by 1.8m. The over-correction means Australia's local co-ordinates and the Earth's global co-ordinates will align in 2020. At that point a new system, which can take changes over time into account, will be implemented. "We used the old plate fixed system to make life simple, but we don't want to do this adjustment every so often," said Mr Jaksa. "Once we have a system that can deal with changes over time, then everybody in the world could be on that same system."
Andrejs Trofimovics, 25, was found stabbed at a flat in Cleveland Road, in the Springbourne area of the town. Vladislav Pomozov, 45, of Holdenhurst Road, Bournemouth, was found guilty of murder and of wounding with intent. He was remanded in custody and is due at Winchester Crown Court for sentencing on 6 July. Mr Trofimovics, from Riga in Latvia, died from a single stab wound, a post-mortem test concluded. Dorset Police said Latvian national Pomozov was the partner of Mr Trofimovics' mother. The stabbing followed a "minor confrontation" between Mr Trofimovics and Pomozov at a New Year's party, which was held at Mr Trofimovics' father's flat, police added. Pomozov was found not guilty of the attempted murder of Mr Trofimovics' father Jevgenijs who sustained non-life threatening injuries. Following the conviction, Det Sgt Mark Jenkins described Mr Trofimovics' death as "tragic and avoidable".
The zero-fuel aircraft arrived in Dayton at 21:56 local time (01:56 GMT) having flown from Tulsa, Oklahoma. The 1,113km journey took pilot Andre Borschberg about 16 hours to complete, a relatively short hop for the plane. Solar Impulse is aiming to get to New York in the next couple of weeks before it crosses the Atlantic - the last big leg in its global endeavour. To complete the circumnavigation, the aeroplane needs to get to Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates where the journey started in March last year. As well as setting new aviation milestones, the stated purpose of the project is to demonstrate the capability of clean technologies. The plane gets all its energy from the sun, captured by 17,000 photovoltaic cells on its top surfaces. These power the craft's propellers during the day but also charge batteries that the vehicle's motors can then call on during the night. The craft is wider than a 747 jumbo jet but weighs just 2.3 tonnes. Low flight speed means mission legs can take several days and nights of continuous flight. The pilot is permitted only catnaps of up to 20 minutes, and the cockpit is little bigger than a public telephone box. LEG 1: 9 March. Abu Dhabi (UAE) to Muscat (Oman) - 772km; 13 Hours 1 Minute LEG 2: 10 March. Muscat (Oman) to Ahmedabad (India) - 1,593km; 15 Hours 20 Minutes LEG 3: 18 March. Ahmedabad (India) to Varanasi (India) - 1,170km; 13 Hours 15 Minutes LEG 4: 18 March. Varanasi (India) to Mandalay (Myanmar) - 1,536km; 13 Hours 29 Minutes LEG 5: 29 March. Mandalay (Myanmar) to Chongqing (China) - 1,636km; 20 Hours 29 Minutes LEG 6: 21 April. Chongqing (China) to Nanjing (China) - 1,384km; 17 Hours 22 Minutes LEG 7: 30 May. Nanjing (China) to Nagoya (Japan) - 2,942km; 1 Day 20 Hours 9 Minutes LEG 8: 28 June. Nagoya (Japan) to Kalaeloa, Hawaii (US) - 8,924km; 4 Days 21 Hours 52 Minutes LEG 9: 21 April. Kalaeloa, Hawaii (US) to Mountain View, California (US) - 4,523km;  2 Days 17 Hours 29 Minutes LEG 10: 2 May. Mountain View, California (US) to Phoenix, Arizona (US) - 1,199km; 15 Hours 52 Minutes LEG 11: 12 May. Phoenix, Arizona (US) to Tulsa, Oklahoma (US) - 1,570 km; 18 Hours 10 Minutes LEG 12: 21 May. Tulsa, Oklahoma (US) to Dayton, Ohio (US) - 1,113 km; 16 Hours 34 Minutes
Hilary McClintock was elected as mayor of Derry City and Strabane District Council on Monday. The SDLP's Jim McKeever is the new deputy mayor. In 2012, the DUP mayor of Londonderry Maurice Devenney refused to hand his chains to Sinn Féin's Kevin Campbell. Mayor McClintock said it was "significant" but things had moved on. "Its part of the process towards normality, the same thing happened in Belfast council a few days ago," she said. "It was something that we discussed locally and it wasn't really a big deal so we're quite happy to accept it (mayoral chains) from the outgoing mayor." The Drumahoe based councillor said that during her term she wants more investment because people in the north west feel like "second class citizens". "I don't want us to be second class I want us to punch a bit higher and I will hopefully lead on that," she said. "I don't think it's even a party thing. I think west of the Bann we sometimes do feel neglected. "There's a lot more that can be done for the city, in terms of unemployment we have absolutely woeful figures. "We do need to bring more jobs and more infrastructure," she added. Family, friends and councillors from different parties clapped and cheered as former mayor Elisha McCallion placed the mayoral chain around Mrs McClintock's neck. The former mayor told BBC Radio Foyle she was delighted to be able to do so. "I'm delighted everything went well for the new mayor and I want to wish her all the best for the future, and the deputy mayor as well," Mrs McCallion said. "Its a very symbolic day because that was actually the very first time a DUP mayor has accepted a chain from a Sinn Féin ex-mayor. "It just goes to show you where we are as a society here in this city so I was delighted to do that honour," she said. Mrs McClintock, who is married with two daughters, has previously worked as a civil servant and a classroom assistant.
Media playback is not supported on this device The 17-year-old was named in the senior squad for the World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland. But his club boss has been left perplexed he was not consulted and believes the call-up has come too early. "Actually, I was surprised about this," said Klopp. Nottingham-born Woodburn, who qualifies to play for Wales through his maternal grandfather, has played for Wales at under-16, under-18 and under-19 level. But Klopp believes he should have been in the loop when Coleman decided to move him up to the seniors. Klopp added: "I don't know exactly how normal it is here. "This should not be a criticism, but usually when you call up a player, a 17-year-old player, I thought it would be possible to call me. "I'm not sure if he knows him well. He didn't play in the team so far for Coleman I think." Media playback is not supported on this device Despite the fact he does not believe now is the right time for Wales to call on Woodburn, Klopp expects the youngster to deal with the situation. "Obviously Ben is happy about it, so I am happy about it so that is the first thing," Klopp said. "Do I think [Woodburn's selection for Wales] should it be now? I would say probably not. But is it a problem? No. "Ben is a wonderful kid and he can deal with it 100%. He understands it all and knows really what he still has to learn and I can understand." Woodburn has played seven games for Liverpool this season and became their youngest scorer when he netted against Leeds in the EFL Cup in November. Wales had been urged to go to 'war' with England to claim Woodburn, but Coleman says the decision to select the youngster was his alone and Liverpool did not intervene. "I make my own mind up about a player," Coleman said after announcing his squad on Thursday. "I understand when you pick young players then clubs go, 'Oh, calm down,' but I make my own mind up. "No matter how old he is, if he is good enough and I think he has something to offer us and can help us in this challenge then I am going to pick him. "That's no disrespect to Jurgen or anybody else who say maybe he's not [ready], but that's their opinion." Wales are third in their 2018 World Cup qualifying group and face a crucial tie against the Republic on 24 March and Coleman insists Woodburn "belongs" in his squad. "He belongs to them [Liverpool], but I've got a job to do for Wales and I have to pick my strongest squad," Coleman said. "At the minute, from what I have seen, he belongs in our strongest 23. That's why he is there." Meanwhile, Klopp says he is happy to share Woodburn's development as a player with Coleman. "I heard the manager said he's one of the best 23 players in Wales so he needs to be there, so that is his decision - all good," the Liverpool boss said. "But now we are two managers who have to make sure that he develops in the right way, because usually it was more my responsibility and now we can share it a little bit so that is good."
Those held in a series of raids in the capital Kuala Lumpur were mainly from Bangladesh, India and Pakistan, officials said. Machines to make fake passports and to forge Malaysian immigration documents were among the items seized. Security in the city is being tightened up ahead of the Southeast Asian Games which begin in just over a week's time. Monday's raids saw police break down doors and lead scores of people away in handcuffs to waiting buses. They were taken to police stations for investigation and screening. Authorities said they were targeting anyone with missing or fraudulent travel documents or who was believed to be affiliated with terror groups in Syria and Iraq. "We will detect and take action against foreigners suspected of having links with terrorists, especially those involved in activities in Syria," police counter-terror official Ayob Khan Mydin Pitchay, said, quoted by Free Malaysia Today. Officers were also equipped with devices to detect radioactive materials, police said, although no such items were found.
The film director had originally meant to shoot the sunset, but pointed the drone downwards to return home when the battery ran low. It wasn't until he was going through his footage later that he saw the shot. Mr Li says he posted it online in a bid to find out who the pair are, but the photo is not entirely what it seems. "I was with a friend trying to get a good shot of the sunset but the drone battery was running low so we just pointed it down as it returned home, and I thought we'd just keep the camera rolling," Mr Li told the BBC. "I didn't notice anything interesting until I went through the footage later and saw this grassy rooftop." Mr Li, who was raised in the US but has family in Hong Kong, then posted the picture on Facebook hoping one of his friends would know the couple. From then, it "kinda just took off", he says. The shot, which he believes shows the roof of the J residence apartments in Hong Kong, was definitely not staged, says Mr Li. "So many people think that I staged the photo," he says. "I'm a filmmaker not a wedding photographer so I don't really have an incentive. It's really just a lucky catch." But he did make some adjustments to the original photo, which was taken on 28 September. The photo he captured shows two people standing near the couple's feet, presumably photographers, who Mr Li airbrushed out to make the couple stand out more. A person sprawled out on some seating in the corner, however, was spared the cut. Mr Li says he applied some colour correction to the image as well. For now, the identity of the couple - who might in real life not actually be a couple - remains a mystery, though Mr Li has made enquiries with the building's management who have yet to respond. But even if the photo fails to make it into the wedding books, he thinks it's a great metaphor for life in Hong Kong. "You usually see these really cold pictures of Hong Kong looking really crowded and grey, and here's this moment where two people are doing something very good and joyous. "It's like making your own oasis of joy in the city."
Prosecutors said the aim was to prevent evidence being destroyed. Police seized luxury cars from the home of the former Brazilian President, Fernando Collor de Mello. The bribery scandal has undermined the standing of the current President, Dilma Rousseff. Mr Collor denied any wrongdoing and posted on social media that "the measure was invasive, arbitrary and flagrantly unnecessary considering that the facts of the case have been investigated for at least two years... and I have never even been called to give any clarification." Fifty-three searches were carried out "in homes, offices, company headquarters, law firms and public institutions." the police said in a statement. Brazilian media said a senator, Ciro Nogueira, a congressman, Eduardo da Fonte and the ex-Cities Minister, Mario Negromonte, were also being investigated. The police said the operation had taken place in the Federal District of the capital Brasilia and six states. Since March last year the Petrobras investigation, nicknamed by police "Operation Car Wash", has placed former Petrobras executives and some of Brazil's most powerful construction contractors behind bars. Thirty-four congressmen and one state vice-governor are under investigation. Investigators allege firms paid corrupt officials in order to get lucrative Petrobras contracts. The scandal has rocked Brazil's governing Workers' Party, with top politicians in several parties accused of taking bribes. But President Rousseff, who chaired Petrobras when much of the corruption is believed to have taken place, has been cleared of involvement.
John Barclay is one of the few men who played then and who's still playing now. Whenever the game is mentioned and he's asked if it feels like half a decade ago, he smiles and says, no, it doesn't, it feels a whole lot longer ago than that. It does. Barclay's partners in the back-row that day were Alasdair Strokosch and Ross Rennie. Nick de Luca was in the midfield, Joe Ansbro on the wing. Tom Brown won his one and only cap in that match. Tom Ryder was the back-up lock on the bench. That Scotland side didn't possess much in the way of an attack compared to this one. Scotland didn't score a try in Newcastle and yet they won. In their last two meetings with the Australians, the Scots have scored six tries and lost them both. As they left Singapore after a pleasing performance in the win over the Italians, Gregor Townsend's team arrived in Sydney for a proper Test against a side that has caused them no end of strife in recent times. They'll have travelled in good heart. Some of the stuff that Scotland produced against Italy was really good, but it has to be viewed in the context of a woeful opponent. It was a solid win laced with some excellence in difficult conditions. It got things off to a nice beginning under Townsend, but Italy are so lamentable these days that nobody in the Scotland camp will be fooling themselves about the significance of the win. There were obvious successes. Some players - Damien Hoyland and Ben Toolis - that have previously been bit-part, or no-part, performers stepped up impressively. An old soldier, WP Nel, returned. A class act, Duncan Taylor, reappeared. What will have gladdened Townsend's heart wasn't just the way the five tries were constructed, it was the way his player options now look to be increasing. Australia will be an infinitely bigger test of that theory in Sydney next weekend, but if Townsend is going to take this thing where he wants to take it then building depth is paramount. Stuart Hogg, Tommy Seymour, Greig Laidlaw, Huw Jones, Sean Maitland, Mark Bennett, Alasdair Dickinson, Richie Gray, Jonny Gray, Hamish Watson and John Hardie were absent against Italy. Most of them won't be involved in Sydney either. That's another dimension to what should be an intriguing Test match. Can Scotland beat an eminently beatable Wallabies side while missing so many go-to men? What do we know of Australia? We know that they are experimenting with selection right now, we know that they played Fiji on Saturday and put them away 37-14 after racing into an 18-0 half-time lead. We know that the wondrous attacker, Israel Folau, who hadn't scored a try for his country in a year, scored two against the Pacific Islanders. We know that, despite the dire straits of some of their clubs in Super Rugby, they can still pick a squad of 23 that is formidable. They are also flawed, however. They're not to be feared. They were good value for their win against Fiji, but there are so many things that will catch Townsend's eye when he reviews that game. Australia missed 25 tackles. They got turned over 20 times. They only had 43% possession and 37% territory. That was more than enough to carve up Fiji, but if those numbers are repeated against Scotland then the visitors will have a major chance of securing a major victory. Scotland can win on Saturday. They haven't in the recent past, but they can. Australia have won the last two meetings by one point each time and won the game before that by six points. There's little between these sides. In the November game, Scotland led until the 74th minute despite being under a barrage for much of a second half where 62% of the Test took place in the Scottish half. The home side had to make 156 tackles. The Gray brothers - both magnificent on the day - made 47 tackles between them. Scotland scored more tries than the Wallabies, made more metres with the ball, made more clean breaks and beat more defenders but still succumbed at the end in a grim reprise of the World Cup quarter-final the previous year That, as if anybody is ever likely to forget, was the most devastating kick in the gut, arguably the biggest howitzer visited on a Scottish rugby team in the history of the game. It was 35-34 at Twickenham and 23-22 at Murrayfield. If recent matches are any kind of indicator then Saturday is going to be tight and thrilling. Townsend will name his team on Thursday and, if there is one thing we know about the new Scotland coach from his Glasgow days, it is that he is not afraid to try different things. He may not do it against Australia, but Townsend sounds keen to have a look at Finn Russell - excellent at 10 against Italy - at full-back. Taylor, who played 15 at the weekend, could pop up in the midfield or on the wing in the coming weeks. Peter Horne could start at stand-off. With Townsend, you learn to expect a little of the unexpected. More predictable will be the return of Jonny Gray in the second row and of Hamish Watson at seven. Both were rested with the Wallabies in mind. Watson announced himself as a player of Test match quality in that game against Australia in the autumn. Having made the seven-hour flight from Singapore, they are now ensconced in the beachside suburb of Coogee, eight kilometres north of downtown Sydney. There's talk of sharks in the water of Coogee Bay, but it's Wallabies that Scotland will be looking to cage this week.
Heather Farmer told the jury that in the five years she had been a registered childminder, Liam was the only child she had concerns about. Rachel Fee, 31, and her partner Nyomi Fee, 28, deny murdering Liam in March 2014 at a house in Glenrothes, Fife and ill-treating two other boys. Ms Farmer said she had looked after Liam since the summer of 2012. The jury heard Ms Farmer kept a diary during the time she looked after him, noting he had bruises on a number of occasions. She said by Christmas 2012 she had begun to have doubts and contacted the Scottish Childminding Association for advice because she thought " somebody was hurting Liam." Rachel Fee and Nyomi Fee, who are originally from Ryton, Tyne and Wear, are accused of murdering Liam in March 2014 and attempting to defeat the ends of justice by blaming the killing on a young boy. The couple are also charged with a catalogue of allegations that they neglected Liam and abused two other children, one of whom they blame for killing Liam, in their care over a two-year period. They deny all the charges against them. The trial at the High Court in Livingston continues.
Dr Margaret Ann Rous, who was 37, and her 28-year-old husband David Rous were killed when a light aircraft struck the ground in Glen Etive. The couple, from Newport-on-Tay in Fife, had been flying from Dundee to visit relatives on Tiree. The emergency services had been alerted when contact was lost with the Piper Cherokee at about 13:50 on Saturday. Police Scotland said the wreckage was discovered on the northern aspect of Glen Kinglass at 20:00, along with the remains of the two people on board. Dr Rous' sister Johann Maclean paid tribute to her on social media. She posted on Facebook: "Today has been the hardest day of my life, I love you Minnie xxxx" She also thanked friends and family for their sympathy messages. "Thank you all for the heartfelt messages, phone calls and visits," she wrote. "We appreciate your thoughts at this heartbreaking time xx." Following the discovery of the wreckage, specialist officers remained at the scene in the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass. Inquiries are continuing into the cause of the accident.
Nick Alexander, 35, from Weeley in Essex, was killed on 13 November, 2015, at the nightclub in Paris. Artists including Fran Healy from Travis and Supergrass' Gaz Coombes performed at Shepherd's Bush Empire on Tuesday. There was also a minute's standing ovation in Nick's honour. LIVE: For more on this and other Essex stories Mr Alexander was selling band merchandise for Eagles of Death Metal, who were performing at the nightclub, when he was killed. The concert - called Peaceful Noise -  marked the official launch of the Nick Alexander Memorial Trust, which will provide musical equipment to small charities and vulnerable groups across the country. Mr Alexander's older sister Zoe, 43, said the event was "really personal" to Mr Alexander and included performances by artists who had toured with her brother or were friends with him. She said she would remember her brother as someone who "approached life head on". "He packed a lot into those 35 years so we will remember him in that way - as somebody who embraced life and forged their own path," she said.
Media playback is not supported on this device The 33-year-old Swiss announced he was "not match-fit" as he apologised in person to the crowd at the O2 Arena. Federer beat Stan Wawrinka 4-6 7-5 7-6 (8-6) on Saturday in a thrilling semi-final lasting two hours and 48 minutes. It is Djokovic's fourth victory at the season-ending event and he also becomes the first man to win three titles on the trot since Ivan Lendl in the 1980s. Federer - who has won the tournament six times - confirmed his withdrawal following the doubles final on Sunday afternoon, won by American brothers Bob and Mike Bryan. "I'm sorry I'm not fit to play," he said. "I hope you understand. I wanted to come out personally and explain. "I did everything I could. I took pain-killers, had rest until the very end, but I just cannot compete at this level with Novak. "At my age it would've been a risk. "It's not that much of a surprise. This back spasm, whatever it might be, it's just not a fun thing to have during the day. It's just uncomfortable. But I'm positive and I'm hopeful that it's going to go away soon." Tournament organisers arranged two exhibition matches to take the place of the final. Djokovic defeated Andy Murray 8-5 in a pro set in the first match and the British number one then paired up with John McEnroe to beat Tim Henman and Pat Cash 8-6 in a doubles contest. Djokovic, 27, who finished the year with only eight defeats from 66 matches, collected the ATP World Tour Finals trophy before his exhibition with the Briton. "It's clearly not the way I wanted," he said. "It's an incredible achievement, but at this moment it's hard to talk about it. I'm not one of the players that celebrate this particular type of win. "I have to reflect on the whole season and this trophy is the crowning moment for the efforts this year. I'm very happy to be able to stand here and finish off with a trophy." Federer is scheduled to join Switzerland team-mate Wawrinka for the Davis Cup final against France next week and said his immediate plan was for "recovery" and then "travelling to France and getting ready for the clay". He suffered with a back problem in 2013, and there were signs in the closing moments against Wawrinka that he was struggling again. Federer did not complete his post-match media duties until after 01:00 GMT on Sunday, and missed his scheduled practice session at O2 Arena in the afternoon. Media playback is not supported on this device
McInnes felt the Dons were "pushed about" too easily in Perth as their title dream all but ended with their defensive frailties exposed. "We got dominated at both ends of the pitch and the more determined team won," McInnes told BBC Scotland. "I know what I need to get in but there won't be wholesale changes." With Ash Taylor injured, McInnes handed a debut to 20-year-old defender Michael Rose, but he went off injured at half-time with Aberdeen 2-0 down following a David Wotherspoon free-kick and Steven MacLean adding a second. More defensive mistakes followed as Liam Craig took advantage of a Mark Reynolds error to make it three. "We were lacking in physicality, we were vulnerable at every set play," said McInnes, whose side remain eight points behind Premiership leaders Celtic. "We didn't win enough headers. When we don't have Ash Taylor in the team - he gives us real size and aggression at centre-back - we never had that dominance there. "There's been a few games this season where we've lacked that physicality, strength and size. We need to make sure we get more players in the building in the summer that can deal with that and stand up to that. "The introduction of [Barry] Robson, a guy at 37 and a young boy at 16, Connor McLennan, making his debut - they played the game with the enthusiasm and determination that everyone should have treated the game. "When the game is a technical game we can take on anybody. But tonight we needed more strength of character, we needed more first headers, we needed physicality because we got pushed about tonight and the best team won." St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright saw his side move into fourth in the Premiership and was delighted with their dominant performance. "Tonight we made it so difficult for them from the first whistle in terms of the pressure we put them under and how hard we worked," said Wright. "That gave us a platform to go and play well; lots of good possession, lots of good balls into the box. It was a really good performance and when we're like that we're a match for anybody. "I thought [Graham] Cummins was good tonight, that is him back to his best. MacLean gives us what he gives us all the time and young Joe Shaughnessy at the back I thought was strong. "Overall I thought everybody played extremely well."
The 10 letters were penned between 1951 and 1960 to her mentor and lifelong friend Sir Felix Aylmer. They reveal details of a dramatic decade of the screen siren's life as she rose from an unknown ballerina to Hollywood fame. In them she mentions her broken-off engagement, marriage, miscarriages and the birth of her first child. The letters are estimated to sell for up to Â£4,000. In one of the letters, dated 1951, a then 22-year-old Hepburn, wrote: "Would you believe it. I'm in Monte Carlo working on a French picture. The place is heavenly and this is the best thing that's ever happened to me." The actress was referring to filming Monte Carlo Baby, one of her very first movies. A year later she wrote that "with a heavy heart" she had broken off her engagement to socialite James Hanson. "It is all very unhappy-making," she said. "I fear I thought it possible to make our combined lives and careers work out." This was followed by joy at finding her future husband, actor Mel Ferrer, whom she married in private in 1954. "We want to keep [the wedding] a dark secret in order to have it without the 'press'," she confided a few weeks before the ceremony, which was to be held "in a tiny chapel with a wedding breakfast after". Hepburn and Ferrer went on to become co-stars in films such as Sabrina (1954) and War and Peace (1956) after they were married. Following two miscarriages the final letter in the collection ends on a celebratory note as the actress celebrated the birth of her first child, Sean Ferrer. "Sean is truly a dream. I find it hard to believe he is really ours to keep. I long to show him to you. We all three send our love and kisses, Audrey," she wrote. The letters will go on sale at the Bonhams Entertainment Memorabilia sale in London on 29 June.
Based on a video game series, Assassin's Creed stars Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard and was directed by Justin Kurzel. The movie follows Fassbender's Cal Lynch, a convict facing a death sentence but given a second chance by a mysterious organisation, Abstergo Industries. Through a revolutionary technology that unlocks the genetic memories contained in his DNA, Lynch is sent back to 15th Century Spain. There he lives out the experiences of his distant relative, Aguilar de Nerha, a member of a secret society known as the Assassins who fight to protect free will from the power-hungry Templar Order. Much of the film's action scenes, including a series of spectacular leaps across roof tops, were shot on Malta. But it was another island that played a key part in bringing Assassin's Creed to the big screen. On the Isle of Skye, Fassbender - who had just finished making Slow West with Scots film-maker John Maclean - Cotillard and Kurzel came together to make a film adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth. The filming was done on the island early in 2014, in often challenging weather. Fassbender, who starred in the lead role, later described Skye as "cold, wet and beautiful" and said the production encountered "rain, sleet and snow - all the wetness of the elements". Cotillard, who plays Lady Macbeth, fell down a hole in a bog during filming. Fassbender said: "One minute she was there, the next she was gone." The experiences of making Macbeth forged strong bonds between Cotillard, Fassbender and Kurzel. "There's a trust that was built from working on Macbeth and Macbeth was a very intense and very unique project," says Cotillard. "We had the chance to work for more than a month together before we started shooting. We shared this time of exploration of the story, of our characters, and it's really rare to kind of attend the secrets of making a movie of bringing a character to life." The French actress adds: "It created this very, very strong relationship that we have." Cotillard says Kurzel's approach to movie-making and Fassbender's to acting helped to overcome challenges in adapting Shakespeare's play. "Justin's actually one of the best directors I worked with and definitely one of the best directors for actors I worked with," she says. "And attending an amazing actor such as Michael. Attending his preparation and his exploration of the character, I mean, it created something very, very special and very, very strong. "Macbeth was very stressful for me because of the language, but I had a lot of joy working with them (Kurzel and Fassbender) and I knew that working on a different project would bring the same amount of joy. "There's this simplicity that is there because we know each other and we already had an amazing experience together." Kurzel says Assassin's Creed presented Fassbender with physical challenges, adding that Macbeth showed that the actor had the abilities to cope with them. "In Macbeth we saw a little bit of action from him, but this is of a whole new level," says Kurzel. "For him to get his body in the shape and the size and the kind of strength that it needed to be for this was a huge commitment. "And then to do a lot of the martial arts, to do the riding, to really leap off buildings, do the slack lining, you know that took an enormous amount of effort from him and kind of commitment. Kurzel adds: "On top of that he was producing it." Assassin's Creed will be released in UK cinemas on 1 January.
Media playback is not supported on this device The 50-year-old Portuguese, who first managed the Blues between 2004 and 2007, was officially announced as Chelsea's new boss on 3 June. "I am the Happy One," said Mourinho at a Stamford Bridge news conference. Career record up to 1 June 2013 "Calmer? I believe so. I'm in the best moment of my career in terms of knowledge." He added: "I began management in 2000. I thought I knew everything, but after 13 years you realise you know nothing and have to learn every day. My adventures around Europe were fantastic for me, different countries, different cultures, different media. It was fantastic. "At 50, I think I am still very young as a manager and I think it is like the beginning of a new period. Do I have a different personality? No, but for sure I have a different approach and perspective." Former Real Madrid boss Mourinho, who replaces Rafael Benitez at Stamford Bridge, has signed a four-year deal and said he wants to stay for the entire term. "I hope I can go to the last day of the contract. If the club is happy and the club wants me to stay then I'll be more than happy to stay." When asked whether he was disappointed that neither Manchester United nor Manchester City had approached him about their managerial vacancies, he said: "I am where I want to be - I wouldn't change it for anything." The former Porto and Inter Milan boss helped Chelsea win five major trophies during his first spell at the club - two Premier League titles, two League Cups and an FA Cup. He believes he can emulate that achievement. "I want to believe it is possible - I always trust my work," added Mourinho. "I know many people who belong to the club and I know the type of mentality and ambition people have. "My career has been built and raised on success. I was able to achieve success and win trophies and leave different types of legacies at every club. I have to believe in that." When Mourinho left the Blues in 2007 it came as a surprise to many, although it was widely reported that his relationship with owner Roman Abramovich had become strained. But the Portuguese boss stressed on Monday: "That is not true. "I read and keep reading that I was fired and we had a complete breakdown in relationship. At the time we thought it was the best for both of us [to go our separate ways]. "Jose Mourinho produced none of the fireworks that marked his first arrival at Stamford Bridge. This was a studied Mourinho, a mature Mourinho, a Mourinho intent on hammering home that this was an older, wiser manager. "And he was at pains to stress how happy he was to be back. So happy he repeated it countless times, although his subdued manner did not exude joy. "Mourinho, the master controller, perhaps knew the media expected an equally spectacular performance on his second coming. And he was determined to give us what he wanted rather than what we expected. "This may change, of course, when the first ball is kicked." "It was a decision that was difficult for both of us, but a decision made by mutual agreement. There was never a breakdown of the relationship and that is why it is possible for me to be here today. "I am back because we feel we are in the best moments of our careers, ready to work together again and in much better conditions this time to succeed in what this club wants, which is stability." Mourinho also stated he wants to make defender John Terry "the best player he can be" again. The 32-year-old, who was made club captain by Mourinho during his first spell in charge, missed much of last season because of injury and suspension. Even when Terry was available he was often overlooked by Benitez. "I won't speak one word about Rafael Benitez's decisions, either on John Terry or any other player," said Mourinho. "All I can speak about is the future and the future is to meet John on 1 July and try to get the best out of him. I know what he can give, so let's try to make him again the best player he can be." However, Mourinho insists there will be "no privilege" for his former players, saying: "There are still a few boys from my time but it's important to tell you - not them because they know - that there is no privilege for them. They know my nature. They don't have an advantage in relation to other people." And he has warned Chelsea fans not to expect several new signings: "We have 60 players I think because there are 20 new buys in the media in the last two days. No - I need to work with the players, not commit injustice, give them a chance, be fair with them. "After that we'll have time to make decisions. A couple of signings is normal, correct practice in every club, but I want to see the players I have." Mourinho arrives at Chelsea after a turbulent three-year term at Real Madrid, where it was reported that he fell out with some players, notably goalkeeper Iker Casillas, and irritated the media by not appearing at news conferences. However, he gave a caustic response when reminded of Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta's suggestion that he "damaged" Spanish football. "I damaged Spanish football by being the manager that broke Barcelona dominance. "They were dominant and dominant and dominant and it looked like it was a dominance without an end. "Real Madrid won the cup final against Barcelona, Real Madrid won the Super Cup against Barcelona, Real Madrid won in Barcelona and Real Madrid won the championship, which is the historical [2011-12] championship of 100 points and 121 goals." Before moving to the Bernabeu, Mourinho won the Champions League and Italian league title at Inter Milan. Media playback is not supported on this device
